# Software Architect (Java)

**Company:** PRESIGHT
**Location:** Abu Dhabi, Abu Dhabi Emirate, United Arab Emirates 30 minutes ago
**Score:** 55 (Tier C)
**Status:** N/A

---

Job Title: Software ArchitectOverview: About PresightPresight is an ADX-listed public company with Abu Dhabi-based G42 as itsmajority shareholder and is the region’s leading big data analytics companypowered by GenAI. It combines big data, analytics, and AI expertise to serveevery sector, of every scale, to create business and positive societal impact.Presight excels at all- source data interpretation to support insight-drivendecision-making that shapes policy and creates safer, healthier, happier, andmore sustainable societies. Today, through its range of GenAI-driven productsand solutions, Presight is bringing applied AI to the private and publicsectors, enabling them to realize their AI strategy and ambitions faster.Position OverviewAs a Software Architect, you will design and build flexible software systemsbased on business needs, performance requirements, the services of our cloudcomputing platforms, and the capabilities of the team, and ensure that they canbe implemented efficiently. You get to play a key technical role in sustainingand optimizing the infrastructure that develops and delivers cutting-edge,next-gen analytics solutions at Presight.Responsibilities: Key Responsibilities * Design the architecture for software systems that align with business requirements and existing cloud platform services. Evaluate and select appropriate technologies, frameworks, databases, and tools. * Define software standards, best practices, and development methodologies. * Database design for the software systems. * Ensure the architectural integrity throughout the software development lifecycle. * Conduct code and architecture reviews to ensure quality, performance, and security. * Create architecture documentation and communicate complex technical concepts clearly. * Mentor and guide development teams in implementation and problem-solving. * Lead a sub-team of 3 to 5 engineers to implement a part of the system, usually the backend. * Comply with QHSE (Quality Health Safety and Environment), Business Continuity, Information Security, Privacy, Risk, Compliance Management, and Governance of Organizations policies, procedures, plans, and related risk assessments.Experience: * 8 years of experience in software backend development with strong computer science fundamentals Proven experience as a Software Architect or in a similar senior technical role * Solid understanding of DevOps, CI/CD pipelines, infrastructure and networks * Excellent troubleshooting and problem-solving skills * At least 5 years of experience in Java Spring Boot and microservices development * Experience in cloud computing and cloud platform development & deployment * Extensive UNIX/LINUX experience and Shell scripting experience * Proficiency in understanding data, entity relationships, structured & unstructured data, SQL and NoSQL databases, and familiarity with Elasticsearch Experience in RESTful API development * Practices in multithreading programming and concurrency programming * Proficient in docker and containerization technologiesWhat working at Presight offers:Culture: An open, diverse, and inclusive environment with a global vision thatencourages personal growth and focuses on groundbreaking, industry-firstinnovations.Career: Accelerate your career through high-impact projects and access toresources for continuous growth and learning opportunities. Rewards: Acompetitive remuneration package with a host of perks, including healthcare,education support, leave benefits, and more.Show more Show less