# Solutions Architect Deployment Stategist

**Company:** PLANET
**Location:** Abu Dhabi, Abu Dhabi Emirate, United Arab Emirates 49 minutes ago
**Score:** 85 (Tier C)
**Status:** N/A

---

Welcome to Planet. We believe in using space to help life on Earth.Planet designs, builds, and operates the largest constellation of imagingsatellites in history. This constellation delivers an unprecedented dataset ofempirical information via a revolutionary cloud-based platform to authoritativefigures in commercial, environmental, and humanitarian sectors. We are both aspace company and data company all rolled into one.Customers and users across the globe use Planet's data to develop newtechnologies, drive revenue, power research, and solve our world’s toughestobstacles.As we control every component of hardware design, manufacturing, dataprocessing, and software engineering, our office is a truly inspiring mix ofexperts from a variety of domains.We have a people-centric approach toward culture and community and we strive toiterate in a way that puts our team members first and prepares our company forgrowth. Join Planet and be a part of our mission to change the way people seethe world.Planet is a global company with employees working remotely world wide andjoining us from offices in San Francisco, Washington DC, Germany, Austria,Slovenia, and The Netherlands.About The RolePlanet’s Professional Services team helps our Defense and Intelligence (D&I)customers adopt the Planet Platform and rapidly realize return on investment inPlanet data and analytics. The Professional Services Global D&I team is lookingfor a Solutions Architect responsible for the implementation, integration, andanalysis of new software and data products that extend the Planet Platform anddeliver new capabilities to our strategic D&I customers. In this role, you willbe embedded with our customer to train users on Planet products, translaterequirements, design workflows, and communicate with Planet’s product team onmission critical capabilities. Your work will be highly visible, directlyimpacting customers' ability to quickly access Planet's unprecedented datasets,as well as streamline the internal processes for adding new customers to ourplatform. Ideal candidates will be excited about Planet’s mission.This is a full-time, in-office position based in one of our strategic customerlocations 5 days a week, in Abu Dhabi, UAE. This position is contingent uponaward.Impact You’ll Own * Understand clients’ needs and deliver tailored solutions * Break down ambiguous, high-stakes problems into clearly defined, solvable components * Leverage analytical skills to deliver products to our D&I customers and support mission requirements * Design workflows, defining data models, configuring integrations, and helping define tooling that aligns to the customer’s mission. * Train users, iterate with them in real time, and ensure that Planet solutions become mission-critical to daily operations. * Translate operational requirements into actionable product feedback for Planet’s engineering teams. * Communicate technical capabilities back to customers in clear, mission-focused language. * Rapidly prototype, test, and adjust workflows to match real operational needs. * Mapping out high-level strategy with decision makers by sitting next to analysts to debug workflows. * Work closely with customer teams to understand their workflows, pain points, and mission priorities. What You Bring * Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software, Systems Engineering, or similar * 4+ years of experience in supporting D&I customers, with specialized technical experience in the general areas of systems integration * Fluent in Golang, Python, Postgresql, & React or related technologies * Experience with cloud deployments; GCP, AWS, Azure * Solid problem-solving and systems thinking skills * Exceptional communication and stakeholder management * Ability to quickly learn new technical domains and tools * Comfortable operating in ambiguous, high-pressure environments * Deep curiosity and willingness to dive into operational details * Fluency in translating between technical and non-technical audiences * Experience with solving complex problems through analytical skills * Experience scaling and maintaining production systems What Makes You Stand Out * Experience working with defense and intelligence organizations in the UAE * Systems integrations experience working with multi domain/multi-level security architectures, particularly the Defence and Intelligence. * Working knowledge of JavaScript and its mapping libraries (OpenLayers, Leaflet, ArcGIS API for JavaScript), Google Earth Engine and it’s SDK * Experience with RDBMS (PostgreSQL, SQL) and distributed databases (NoSQL) * Experience in geopolitics and data science * Ability to pick up new technologies quickly * Experience with building analytical products from complex datasets * Experience with geospatial technologies and data * GEOINT experience, imagery exploitation and analysis * Fluent in multiple languages Application Deadline: February 20th, 2026 at 11:59PM PSTBenefits While Working At PlanetThese offerings are dependent on employment type and geographical location,based upon applicable law or company policy. * Paid time off including vacation, holidays and company-wide days off * Employee Wellness Program * Home Office Reimbursement * Monthly Phone and Internet Reimbursement * Tuition Reimbursement and access to LinkedIn Learning * Equity * Volunteering Paid Time Off Why We Care So Much About Belonging.We’re dedicated to helping the whole Planet, and to do that we must strive torepresent all of it within each of our offices and on all of our teams. That’swhy Planet is guided by an ultimate north star of Belonging—dreaming big as weapproach our ongoing work. If this job intrigues you, but you’re thinking youmight not have all the qualifications, please... do apply! At Planet, we arelooking for well-rounded people from around the world who can contribute to moreways than just what is listed in this job description. We don’t just fillpositions, we aspire to fulfill people’s careers, most excited about folks whoare motivated by our underlying humanitarian efforts. We are a few orbits aroundthe sun before we get to where we want to be, so we hope you’re excited to comealong for the ride.EEO StatementPlanet is committed to building a community where everyone belongs and we invitepeople from all backgrounds to apply. Planet is an equal opportunity employer,and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race,religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mentaldisability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender,gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding,age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protectedclassification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws.Know Your Rights.AccommodationsPlanet is an inclusive community and we know that everyone has their own needs.If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation during thehiring process, please reach out to accommodations@planet.com or contact yourrecruiter with your request. Your message will be confidential and we will behappy to assist you.Privacy Policy: By clicking "Apply Now" at the top of this job posting, Iacknowledge that I have read the Planet Data Privacy Notice for California StaffMembers and Applicants, and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use,and storage of my personal information as described therein.Privacy Policy (European Applicants): By clicking "Apply Now" at the top of thisjob posting, I acknowledge that I have read the Candidate Privacy Notice GDPRPlanet Labs Europe, and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, andstorage of my personal information as described therein.AI in Our Interviewing Process: Planet is committed to providing an exceptionalinterview experience for all candidates. We are currently exploring AIinterviewing technologies to better focus on candidates and less on trying tocapture notes. As such, with the candidate's consent, select interviews may berecorded and include a Planet AI Notetaker for transcription and summarizationpurposes. Should an interview involve use of AI interview technologies, thecandidate will receive notification and have the ability to opt out both inadvance and/or real-time. Opting out will not affect one's candidacy.Candidate AI Policy: Planet embraces Artificial Intelligence (AI) tools, and weencourage its responsible use. We understand that candidates may use variousresources, including AI tools, to prepare for interviews and assessments.However, during any live interview stage or when actively completing assessmentsfor this position, the use of AI tools—e.g. Large Language Models (LLMs), deepfake technology, etc.—is strictly prohibited unless explicitly prompted by aninterviewer or assessment instructions. If you are unsure about acceptable use,please contact your recruiter for clarification. If an AI tool or similartechnology is desired as an accommodation, please contactaccommodations@planet.com with your request for assistance. Your message will beconfidential, and we will be happy to assist you. Violation of this policy mayresult in disqualification of your application.Show more Show less