# Head of Engineering

**Company:** TIDE
**Location:** Bucharest, Romania
**Score:** 92 (Tier B)
**Status:** applied

---

About TideAt Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses bynot only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also acomprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions frominvoicing to accounting.Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 millionmembers globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. Withquick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on makingdata-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (andmoney) so they can get back to doing what they love.Tide Facts * Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs * Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly * Over $300 million raised in funding * Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions! * We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg. About The TeamThe Member Accession team owns the end to end experience of onboarding withTide. Fast, efficient onboarding is a key differentiator for Tide, its key toour expansion into new markets and to remaining the largest SME challenger inthe UK. The team is obsessed with continuing to optimise and globalise thisexperience, always on top of the data and making sure it scales commercially.The Member Engagement team drives continued engagement and revenue generationfrom existing members. This scope includes our subscriptions, toolkits andrewards program as well as our personalisation tooling and underlying technicalsystems like billing and CRM integrations. This is a major driver of revenuediversification, member activation and retention.About The RoleAs Head of Engineering, you will be a technical leader, playing a pivotal rolein shaping the future of how Tide members experience our products. You’re astrategic leader who can set an engineering vision that aligns to product visionand drive incremental delivery. Managing the Engineering Managers (EMs) withinthe domain, this role is focused on technical leadership, architecture, andengineering strategy.As Head Of Engineering You Will Be * Leading the development and architecture for one or more of Tide’s onboarding, referrals, partnerships, subscriptions, billing, rewards, personalisation and marketing systems. * Work across multiple business areas to effectively get things done through constructive collaboration and data driven decisions. * Collaborating with cross-functional teams (Product, Design, Business) to enhance member experience. * This is a technically hands on role. Getting directly involved in your architecture, providing hands-on technical guidance, ensuring best practices in software engineering, security, and system design. * Managing and mentoring engineers, fostering a culture of technical excellence and continuous learning. This role offers the opportunity to influence the entire Tide product portfolio,drive innovation, and shape Tide’s strategy as we scale globally.What We Are Looking ForWe are seeking a highly technical and strategic engineering leader with deepexpertise in complex domains like payments systems, fintech, logistics, retail,experience of working with distributed architectures and customer facingapplications on mobile and web. * 10+ years of engineering experience of delivering high-quality, customer-focused digital products * Expertise in architecture and scalability, ideally working cross platform * Ability to translate strategic goals into a clear technical roadmap and effectively communicate the “why” behind technical decisions. * Responding to changing conditions and uncertainty. Comfortable with fast change and intensity, * Someone with a product mindset. Engineering helps drive the product vision and prioritise the roadmap at Tide. * Experience building and running teams with a growth focus, enabling experimentation. * Metrics focus, picking the right business and technical data to monitor, reacting to issues * Exposure to internationalisation and localisation * Building platforms for internal consumers, e.g. billing, rewards, subscription management OUR TECH STACK * Java, Spring Boot and JOOQ to build the RESTful APIs of our microservices (but we welcome people who are used to any strongly typed general purpose programming language!) * Event-driven architecture with messages over SNS+SQS and Kafka to make them reliable * Primary datastores are MySQL and PostgreSQL via RDS or Aurora (we are heavy AWS users) * Docker, Terraform, EKS used by the Cloud team to run the platform * DataDog and Rollbar to keep it running * GitHub with Sonarcloud, Semgrep and solid testing to power the CI/CD pipelines - new joiners are encouraged to have something deployed to production in their first 2 weeks * Angular 2+ with ngrx on Web, Flutter for the Mobile App * Fivetran/Snowflake/Looker for the BI insights and Python/Faust/Flask/Tecton + some ML libs for the automated decisioning and risk management TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKINGAt Tide, we champion a flexible workplace model that supports both in-person andremote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-faceinteractions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designedas hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-persongatherings to foster a strong sense of community.TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONEAt Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrichour culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experiencelevels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexualorientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin,veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity inour workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broadspectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products thatresonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, whereeveryone’s voice is heard.At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences.We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexualorientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to oursuccess, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We areOne Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.DisclaimerIt Has Come To Our Attention That Individuals Or Agencies Are Falsely ClaimingTo Represent Tide And Are Reaching Out To Candidates Regarding JobOpportunities. Please Be Aware That * Tide does not charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process. * All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our Careers Page and applications should be submitted through this channel. * Communication from Tide will only come from an official @tide.co email address. * Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf. If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment,please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at talent@tide.coYour safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring afair and transparent recruitment process.Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about howwe use AI in our recruitment process in our AI Policy.Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and inaccordance with Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice.Show more Show less