# Senior Software Engineer II (Tech Lead) - ML, New Products

**Company:** SAMSARA
**Location:** London, England, United Kingdom
**Score:** 75 (Tier C)
**Status:** N/A

---

Who We AreSamsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which isa platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations toharness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improvetheir operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency andsustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy.Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are theinfrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, fieldservices, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to helpdigitally transform their operations at scale.Working at Samsara means you’ll help define the future of physical operationsand be on a team that’s shaping an exciting array of product solutions,including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, andEquipment Monitoring. As part of a recently public company, you’ll have theautonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.About the role:Samsara’s Telematics team focuses on building both the product and platform forvehicle telematics data. There’s significant complexity here, with trillions ofdata points processed annually, and a world-class customer experience always inmind.As a Senior Software Engineer II, you will spearhead the design and developmentof products and abstractions based on vehicle telematics data. You will leadtechnical discussions with teammates to identify gaps in our platform andinfluence the roadmap by setting direction and recommending solutions.You will collaborate with other teams to make design decisions and understanddownstream implications in our product. Given the ownership area of the team,which includes the design and implementation of the core object models poweringour platform, this role is backend-leaning but will involve both web and mobiledevelopment.This is a remote position open to candidates in the UK and Poland. Relocationassistance will not be provided for this role.You should apply if: * You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely. * You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations. * You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go. * You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes. * You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we’re all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together. In this role, you will: * Lead technical discussions with teammates to identify gaps in our telematics data platform and influence roadmap by setting direction and recommending solutions * Collaborate with other engineering teams to make design decisions and understand downstream implications in our product to ensure a seamless customer experience * Ship features that are immediately used by our customers and iterate based on their feedback * Deliver full stack features across front-end, back-end and mobile. GoLang, GraphQL, Typescript, React and ReactNative are some of the components of our technology stack. Direct experience with these technologies is not required. * Be responsible for maintaining the production systems that your team owns and provide operational support. * Champion, role model, and embed Samsara’s cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices Minimum requirements for the role: * Demonstrated expertise in establishing data models and contracts in large organizations * 8+ years of experience designing and building products in a skilled software engineering team * Track record of leading design, development, deployment and maintenance of distributed, highly scalable software systems * Experience mentoring and supporting engineers and role modeling excellent engineering practices within a technical lead capacity * Experience taking end-to-end ownership of product, feature designs, development and delivery of large scale and long running projects * Proactive growth mindset, always looking at ways to improve the status quo * Experience building ML-enabled products An ideal candidate also has: * Curiosity about our customers, and is eager to improve their day-to-day experience * Seeks to iterate on new products based on customer feedback At Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background. All qualifiedapplicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,color, religion, national origin, sex, gender, gender identity, sexualorientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, and othercharacteristics protected by law. We depend on the unique approaches of our teammembers to help us solve complex problems and want to ensure that Samsara is aplace where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.BenefitsFull time employees receive a competitive total compensation package along withemployee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, and much, much more.Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.AccommodationsSamsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equalopportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please emailaccessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonableaccommodations throughout the recruiting process.Flexible WorkingAt Samsara, we embrace a flexible working model that caters to the diverse needsof our teams. Our offices are open for those who prefer to work in-person and wealso support remote work where it aligns with our operational requirements. Forcertain positions, being close to one of our offices or within a specificgeographic area is important to facilitate collaboration, access to resources,or alignment with our service regions. In these cases, the job description willclearly indicate any working location requirements. Our goal is to ensure thatall members of our team can contribute effectively, whether they are workingon-site, in a hybrid model, or fully remotely. All offers of employment arecontingent upon an individual’s ability to secure and maintain the legal rightto work at the company and in the specified work location, if applicable.Fraudulent Employment OffersSamsara is aware of scams involving fake job interviews and offers. Please knowwe do not charge fees to applicants at any stage of the hiring process. Officialcommunication about your application will only come from emails ending in‘@samsara.com’ or ‘@us-greenhouse-mail.io’. For more information regardingfraudulent employment offers, please visit our blog post here.Show more Show less