# Lead Software Engineer - .NET, AWS, AI

**Company:** PERFICIENT
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 38 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Job DescriptionWe currently have a career opportunity for a Lead Software Engineer to join ourremote project team located anywhere within the United States.Job Overview:As a Lead Software Engineer you will participate in all aspects of the softwaredevelopment lifecycle which includes estimating, technical design,implementation, documentation, testing, deployment and support of applicationdeveloped for our clients. As a core member working in a team environment youwill work with solution architects and developers on interpretation/translationof wireframes and creative designs into functional requirements, andsubsequently into technical design.Perficient is always looking for the best and brightest talent and we need you!We’re a quickly-growing, global digital consulting leader, and we’retransforming the world’s largest enterprises and biggest brands. You’ll workwith the latest technologies, expand your skills, and become a part of ourglobal community of talented, diverse, and knowledgeable colleagues.Responsibilities * Lead the technical planning & requirements gathering phases including estimate, develop, test, manage projects, architect and deliver. * Serve as a technical lead and mentor. Provide technical support or leadership in the development and continual improvement of service. * Collaborate on the design and development of the appropriate solution with client lead and/or project Architect. * Ensure implementation, and deployment is done following best practices and client standards * Engage in the process of developing technical documentation efforts and creation of user stories * Conduct code audits and reviews as required * Develop unit testing of code components per the user story * Develop and maintain effective working relationships with team members and client. * Participate in the creation of the WBS and backlog per sprint and assist PM in project planning * Independently manage assigned tasks * Attend sprint planning, retrospective meetings, daily stand-ups and report technical blockers to the project lead Qualifications * Passionate coder with 7+ years of enterprise software programming experience with various languages including C#. * Strong .Net experience. * Strong expertise with various AWS services, including Lambda, S3, DynamoDB, EKS, Glue, Elasticsearch, and EMR * Practical experience in designing, developing, and deploying solutions, leveraging various AI tools to enhance efficiency. * Demonstrated ability to leverage AI tools to enhance productivity, streamline workflows, and support data-informed task execution. * Familiarity with AI-enhanced platforms is a plus. * A solid understanding of AI capabilities and limitations including ethical considerations is expected . * Strong debugging, problem solving and investigative skills. Ability to assimilate disparate information (log files, error messages etc.) and pursue leads to find root cause problems. * Proficient in leveraging AI technologies to drive innovation, support strategic initiatives, and enable data-driven decision-making. * Possesses a strong understanding of AI capabilities, limitations, and ethical considerations. * Self-starter who can work independently. * Strong consulting and communication skills. Ability to work effectively with various organizations in pursuit of problem solutions. * Experience working with a globally distributed teams * Experience in complete project life cycle activities on development and maintenance projects. * Knowledge and experience in developing software using agile methodologies. * Strong sense of urgency, detail oriented with the ability to manage and prioritize work flow * Future technology leaders- dynamic individuals energized by fast paced personal and professional growth. * Proficient in authoring, editing and presenting technical documents. * Solid foundation in Computer Science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms and software design * Bachelor’s Degree in MIS, Computer Science, Math, Engineering or comparable major. About The TeamOur Automation team empowers organizations to work smarter by connecting digitalprocess automation (DPA), robotic process automation (RPA), and AI intoseamless, intelligent workflows. We help leading brands streamline operations,enhance efficiency, and unlock new business potential. By embedding advanced AImodels into automation strategies, we enable smarter decision-making, adaptiveprocesses, and continuous optimization at scale. Perficient, Inc. proudly provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to allemployees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion,gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, geneticinformation, marital status, amnesty, or status as a protected veteran inaccordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Perficient, Inc.complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination inemployment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policyapplies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limitedto, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leavesof absence, compensation, and training. Perficient, Inc. expressly prohibits anyform of unlawful employee harassment based on race, color, religion, gender,sexual orientation, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, orcovered veterans. Improper interference with the ability of Perficient, Inc.employees to perform their expected job duties is absolutely not tolerated.Disability Accommodations: Perficient is committed to providing a barrier-freeemployment process with reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals withdisabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If youneed assistance or accommodation due to a disability, please contact us.Applications will be accepted until the position is filled or the posting isremoved.The salary range for this position takes into consideration a variety offactors, including but not limited to skill sets, level of experience,applicable office location, training, licensure and certifications, and otherbusiness and organizational needs. The new hire salary range displays theminimum and maximum salary targets for this position across all US locations,and the range has not been adjusted for any specific state differentials. It isnot typical for a candidate to be hired at or near the top of the range fortheir role, and compensation decisions are dependent on the unique facts andcircumstances regarding each candidate. A reasonable estimate of the currentsalary range for this position is $93,600.00 to $170,640.00. Please note thatthe salary range posted reflects the base salary only and does not includebenefits or any potential variable compensation programs. Information regardingthe benefits available for this position are in our benefits overview.Disclaimer: The above statements are not intended to be a complete statement ofjob content, rather to act as a guide to the essential functions performed bythe employee assigned to this classification. Management retains the discretionto add or change the duties of the position at any time.About UsPerficient is the global AI-first consultancy. Our team of strategists,designers, technologists, and engineers partners with the world’s mostinnovative enterprises and admired brands to deliver real business resultsthrough the transformative power of AI. As part of our AI-First strategy, weempower every employee to build AI fluency and actively engage with AI tools todrive innovation and efficiency. We break boundaries, obsess over outcomes, andshape the future for our clients. Join a company where bold ideas and brilliantminds converge to redefine what’s possible - while building a career filled withgrowth, balance, and purpose.Select work authorization questions to ask when applicants apply1. Are you legally authorized to work in the United States?2. Will you now, or in the future, require sponsorship for employment visastatus (e.g. H-1B visa status)?Show more Show less