# Senior Engineering Manager | Spain

**Company:** CLEO
**Location:** 
**Score:** 85 (Tier C)
**Status:** N/A

---

About The CompanyAbout CleoAt Cleo, we're not just building another fintech app. We're embarking on amission to fundamentally change humanity's relationship with money. Imagine aworld where everyone, regardless of background or income, has access to ahyper-intelligent financial advisor in their pocket. That's the future we'recreating.Cleo is a rare success story: a profitable, fast-growing unicorn with over $200million in ARR and growing over 2x year-over-year. This isn't just a job; it's achance to join a team of brilliant, driven individuals who are passionate aboutmaking a real difference. We have an exceptionally high bar for talent, seekingindividuals who are not only at the top of their field but also embody ourculture of collaboration and positive impact.If you’re driven by complex challenges that push your expertise, the chance toshape something truly transformative, and the potential to share in Cleo’ssuccess as we scale, while growing alongside a company that’s scaling fast, thismight be your perfect fit.Follow us on LinkedIn to keep up to date with new product features and insightsfrom the team.The RoleCleo is radically different from the norm and we’re looking for a seniorengineering manager to guide and further develop our engineers across our crossfunctional product squads. You will be responsible for the teams and pillartechnical delivery as they create exceptional products for our customers, aswell as the wellbeing and development of your reports.You’ll be responsible for all people management of multiple squads and engineerswithin a pillar. This means hiring the right spread of TL’s, engineers (juniors,seniors and leads), and then coaching and developing them to deliver on theroadmap. You’ll build out the headcount plan and will be responsible for allhiring and team development within your area to support our growth.You’ll be accountable for all engineering needs for multiple squads workingclosely with your counterparts in product, data and experience to buildhigh-performing cross-functional teams so that they deliver impact on ourcompany mission in the most effective way possible. We’ll also be looking to youto develop some of our current squad-focused Leads into more senior positions tosupport you in the future.You’ll be responsible for all technical leadership; this means actively seekingout opportunities to improve or optimise processes, participating in designsessions, reviewing technical proposals and developing the technical roadmap foryour area.Want to hear directly from the team? Check out this blog post from a few of ourengineering managers.About YouWe’re looking for a Senior Engineering Manager that has exceptional peopleleadership skills, with an understanding of building a culture of technicalexcellence. On top of this: * You are the kind of manager who is people first, technology second. We build environments to support our engineers to be the most impactful engineers possible. We have to strike the right balance between short term gains and longer term sustainability, and our engineering principles reflect this. * You have previously been a hands-on software developer, but these days get your kicks from software architecture and organisation design, debugging people and processes, and delivering through others. * You are a great communicator. We are a tight-knit engineering management team, who support one another to be the best leaders possible. You need to be comfortable challenging and supporting us. * You are comfortable with change and can adapt to constantly changing circumstances. We’re growing the team, and we want you to grow with us on that journey. * You practise a learning and growth mindset. We move quickly and experiment lots and we need you to help people learn and grow from their experiences. Our Tech StackCleo is built as a Ruby on Rails monolith with a single React Native appfrontend, utilising TypeScript. We also leverage Python for machine learningservices and PostgreSQL for our database, all hosted on AWS. Our CI/CD pipelineis fully automated, with production deployments happening on every merge viaHeroku. Our backend engineers deploy multiple times a week, and we release ourfrontend app to Google and Apple for review at least once a week.While we take a pragmatic approach, we place a strong emphasis on quality. Ourcode is peer-reviewed, and we maintain automated testing using Minitest andCircleCI. We're also actively working towards a more modular architecture,focusing on separating concerns to achieve all the benefits of microserviceswithin a monolith, while progressively refactoring our code as we build newfeatures. Everyone in the engineering team contributes to driving our technicalstrategy, voices & ideas from all levels are valued: we are all owners at Cleo.What do you get for all your hard work? * A competitive compensation package (base + equity) with bi-annual reviews, aligned to our quarterly OKR planning cycles. You can view our public progression framework and salary bandings here: https://cleo-ai.progressionapp.com/ * Work at one of the fastest-growing tech startups, backed by top VC firms, Balderton & EQT Ventures * A clear progression plan. We want you to keep growing. That means trying new things, leading others, challenging the status quo and owning your impact. Always with our complete support. * Flexibility. We can’t fight for the world’s financial health if we’re not healthy ourselves. We work with everyone to make sure they have the balance they need to do their best work * Work where you work best. We’re a globally distributed team. Our Spanish team works fully remotely, but we host virtual socials and an annual company offsite somewhere in Europe with all expenses paid. * Other benefits; * Company-wide performance reviews every 6 months * Generous pay increases for high-performing team members * Equity top-ups for team members getting promoted * 23 days annual leave a year + public holidays (+ an additional day for every year you spend at Cleo, up to 28 days) * Private medical insurance with Alan * 1 month paid sabbatical after 4 years at Cleo * Regular socials and activities, online and in-person * We'll pay for your OpenAI subscription * Online mental health support via Spill * We’ll be employing you through our EOR provider, Deel, and can discuss our current benefit offering directly. * This is a position based in Spain where employees needs to be located in Spain! This Is a 4-stage Interview Process * Interview with the Recruiter (30 mins) * Interview with the Director of Engineering (60 mins) * Technical interview - Task (1 hour) * System Design Interview (1 hour) * Interview with the Engineering Managers (45 mins) We strongly encourage applications from people of colour, the LGBTQ+ community,people with disabilities, neurodivergent people, parents, carers, and peoplefrom lower socio-economic backgrounds.If there’s anything we can do to accommodate your specific situation, please letus know.Spain App access: The Cleo app is not downloadable in Spain right now. Why? 99%of our users are based in the US – where financial health is often overlooked.We’ve decided to shift our focus to where we can provide the most value and makethe greatest impact for users who need it most. We can share a slide deckdetailing the apps capabilities in more detail though, to help you through theinterview process.By submitting this application, I confirm that all the information given by mein this application for employment and any additional documents attached heretoare true to the best of my knowledge and that I have not wilfully suppressed anymaterial fact. I confirm I have disclosed if applicable any previous employmentwith Cleo AI. I accept that if any of the information given by me in thisapplication is in any way false or incorrect, my application may be rejected,any offer of employment may be withdrawn or my employment with Cleo AI may beterminated summarily or I may be dismissed. By submitting this application, Iagree that my personal data will be processed in accordance with Cleo AI'sCandidate Privacy NoticeShow more Show less