# Tech Lead Manager (Virtual Assistant team)

**Company:** QUINTOANDAR
**Location:** 
**Score:** 90 (Tier C)
**Status:** N/A

---

About Grupo QuintoAndarWe are Grupo QuintoAndar, the largest real estate ecosystem in Latin America.Guided by a shared purpose of helping people love where they live, we have adiversified portfolio of brands and solutions across different countries inLatin America, covering all phases of the housing journey. We also have aTechnology Hub in Portugal. We develop technology and innovation to transformand enhance the overall living experience.With the support of a world-class team of investors and advisors, includingKaszek, Qualcomm, General Atlantic, and SoftBank, Grupo QuintoAndar is currentlyvalued at over USD 5.1 billion and continues to grow year over year.Here, you will work with top professionals in the market, in an environment thatbreathes innovation, collaboration, and high performance. To learn more aboutour story, visit: https://grupoquintoandar.com/pt/.Lisbon Tech HubIn 2022, QuintoAndar proudly opened its first European tech hub in Lisbon,marking a significant milestone in our global expansion.Our Lisbon tech hub is home to a team of experienced engineers, designers,product managers, and data scientists. You'll collaborate closely with teamsprimarily based in Brazil, contributing to our innovative projects on a globalscale.Location & Remote Work for technology and remote-first rolesAt QuintoAndar, we embrace a remote-first philosophy, allowing you to work fromanywhere in Portugal. However, for those who prefer in-person collaboration, weoffer a vibrant office in Lisbon's historic center.Hiring Process StagesThe stages of our hiring processes aim to assess your experiences and allow youto meet our teams and explore career opportunities. They are structured asfollows: * Application * Interview with Recruiter * Tech Screening * Interviews with Data Team * Leadership & Management * Offer Tech Lead Manager Responsibilities At QuintoAndarAs a Tech Lead Manager (TLM), you will balance hands-on technical work withmanagerial responsibilities, having the opportunity to make a significant impactthrough both technical excellence and strategic leadership.This role is designed for professionals who are passionate about deep technicalchallenges and team leadership, allowing you to grow by solving complexproblems. You'll drive high-impact projects, mentor and guide team members, andplay a crucial role in shaping the technical direction of our products.On top of being a great engineer, we expect you to: * Lead a small team of Data Scientists and Machine Learning Engineers to build solutions based on AI/ML. * This position is focused on leading the team developing platform solution for all conversational chatbots at QuintoAndar. * Be a technical reference to the team, including doing hands-on engineering work. * Shaping the technical direction of our products, translating business requirements into solutions. * Discuss business requirements with the Product Manager and other stakeholders. Requirements * Solid understanding of the engineering challenges of deploying machine learning systems to production; * Solid understanding of systems, software and data engineering best practices; * Proficiency with cloud-based services; * Proficiency in Python or another major programming language; * Someone up-to-date with recent advances in Machine Learning Engineering, and willing to share his/her knowledge with the other members of the Data and AI Chapter; * Excellent written and verbal technical communication skills; * Have experience building backend systems, event driven architectures and rest/http applications * Have experience building solutions with LLMs (RAG, fine-tuning); * Have experience building AI agents and AI powered applications, familiarity with agentic frameworks (LangGraph, LangChain, AutoGen, CrewAI); * Experience leading teams and managing careers. You'll stand out if you: * General understanding of machine learning concepts: regression and classification, clustering, neural networks, feature selection, cross-validation, curse of dimensionality, bias-variance tradeoff, model explainability, etc.; * Have experience working at fast-growing startups; * Have track record implementing scalable and durable solutions; * Have solid experience with Data Science Important * Our hiring process starts with the application! If you truly want to be part of our team, please complete this step of the process. We analyze all candidates individually and provide feedback to all applicants. * All communication will be conducted via email, so please stay tuned for our messages and release the domain @quintoandar.com.br to ensure our emails are not sent to spam. Benefits * Meal allowance * Health insurance (Multicare), with/ co-pay (in Portugal) * Work from home allowance * Transportation * 25 vacation days per year * Labor accident insurance * Life insurance * Child care allowance (children up to 5 years old): 100,00 EUR/month * Parental leave * 10 consecutive extra days of paid recess at the end of the year, not discounted from vacation Diversity & Inclusion at Grupo QuintoAndarWe value diversity and want everyone to feel welcome here, regardless of theirage, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, ethnicity, origin,disability, religion, or any other characteristic. All our job openings are opento all individuals!You'll notice there are some diversity questions in the application form. Foraffirmative action roles, this information may be used to verify your alignmentwith the target audience for the opportunity. In such cases, it may be used forelimination purposes. For non-affirmative action roles, this data will be usedanonymously, exclusively to monitor and improve our inclusion practices in thehiring process, and will have no impact on your application.Privacy and Data ProtectionThe Grupo QuintoAndar operates in compliance with privacy and data protectionlaws, including, but not limited to, the Brazilian General Personal DataProtection Law (LGPD) (Law No. 13,709/2018), and ensures the security of yourdata. To learn more, please access our Privacy Notice for Candidates. Forquestions or to exercise your rights as a data subject, please contact usthrough our Service Channel.Show more Show less