# Sr. Software Engineer (Remote - Poland)

**Company:** TEALIUM
**Location:** 
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

When applying for roles at Tealium, please use our official careers page orLinkedIn company profile. All other sites where Tealium careers may appear maynot be legitimate.Who We AreTealium is the trusted leader in real-time Customer Data Platforms (CDP),helping organizations unify their customer data to deliver more personalized,privacy-conscious experiences. As the demand for connected, intelligent customerengagement grows, Tealium’s leadership in CDP is translating directly intoleadership in enabling enterprise AI strategies. By providing clean, consented,and actionable data, Tealium empowers its customers to accelerate the adoptionof AI and machine learning, fueling smarter personalization, predictiveinsights, and business outcomes at scale.More than 800 leading global brands trust Tealium to power their customer datastrategies and deliver real-time, personalized experiences at scale.Team Tealium has team members present in nearly 20 countries worldwide, servingcustomers across more than 30 countries. We win together with respect andappreciation for the talents required of all positions and the people whocontribute to each of these. We are intentional about our WOWs (Ways of Work)culture, our investment in our team members, and how we care and connect.With An Extraordinary Portfolio Of Investors (including Georgian, Silver LakeWaterman, Battery, And Others) And Deep Industry Experience, Tealium Has TheFinancial Backing, Profitability, And Expertise To Continue To OutpaceCompetitors And Lead The Way In Innovation. Today, Tealium Holds Over 50Patents, And a Few Of The Recent Industry Recognitions Include * A Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Customer Data Platforms * 2025 TrustRadius Award Winner: Buyer’s Choice * 2024 Invoca Partner Collaboration Award * 2024 G2 Leader in Tag Management & Enterprise Data Governance * Tealium Customer Data Hub achieved the Top Rated Award by TrustRadius (2024) * Named on Destination CRM’s 2024 Top 100 Technologies List for Sales * Named on the 2024 Best and Brightest in the Nation list * BuiltIn’s 2024 Best Place to Work What We Are Looking ForTealium is looking for a Senior Software Engineer who will lead the design andimplementation of scalable, high-performance data services that store, process,and securely retire large volumes of customer data. This role is critical to thefoundation of Tealium’s Universal Data Hub (UDH), providing reliable, compliant,and cost-efficient data lifecycle management for all event data flowing throughthe system. The ideal candidate not only loves building distributed datasystems, but also takes ownership of architecture decisions, and drives bestpractices around data quality, privacy, and governance. You will partner closelywith other product and platform teams to turn large-scale datasets intotrustworthy assets that power analytics, personalization, and automation in realtime.Team Tech StackAWS services: EC2, ECS, S3, EKS, EMR, Lambdas, MSK, Kinesis, Cloud WatchDBs: Dynamo, Redshift, Postgres, Mongo, MySQLData Platforms and Processing: Spark, DataBricksLanguages: Java, Python, Scala,Frameworks: Quarkus, PySpark, HazelcastQA tools: Playwright, AllureServices: Jenkins, Datadog, Sumologic, Jfrog, TestrailBuild: Maven, GradleYOUR DAY TO DAY * Partner closely with software engineers, architects, DevOps, and Product Managers to design and deliver high-quality solutions. * Design, develop, test, and maintain scalable applications using modern frameworks. * Actively participate in Agile/Scrum ceremonies, contributing to planning, estimation, and continuous improvement. * Contribute to architectural design discussions, test planning, and operational excellence initiatives. * Participate in peer code reviews to ensure adherence to coding standards and best practices. * Research, evaluate, and recommend new technologies or design approaches to improve performance, scalability, and reliability. What You Bring To Tealium * BS, MS in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related discipline * 5+ years Java//Python/Scala development experience using modern frameworks. * Hands-on experience designing and optimizing large-scale data processing pipelines using Apache Spark (preferably in a cloud environment, e.g. AWS/Databricks) * Desire to learn new technologies * Strong knowledge of modern software engineering principles, patterns and best-practices * Understanding of microservices architecture * Experience in designing and supporting high-traffic, highly available systems * Hands-on experience with both NoSQL and relational databases, such as DynamoDB, PostgreSQL, MySQL, Redshift, Redis, Cassandra etc * Strong communication skills, with the ability to clearly explain technical concepts to team members, architects, and team leads * Experience deploying and managing software on cloud platforms such as AWS, GCP, and Azure. * Exposure to distributed messaging and streaming technologies, RabbitMQ, Kinesis, Kafka * Understanding of modern Devops concepts. Docker, Kubernetes, Serverless, Terraform WAGE TRANSPARENCY - EMEAIn several countries worldwide, including regions within the EMEA and APJ,employers are required or strongly encouraged to include salary ranges in jobpostings. While requirements vary by location, transparency is a core value atTealium. We’re committed to providing clear and consistent compensationinformation to all applicants, regardless of location.This full-time position offers a base salary range of zł 240,000 to zł310,000PLN annually. The final offer is determined by job-related skills, experience,and qualifications. The role may also be eligible for a performance-based bonusand equity options.WHY YOU WANT TO WORK HEREAt Tealium, we don’t just offer the ordinary, we provide the extraordinary: * Tealium WOWs (Ways of Work), our award winning culture is how with think, act and connect together at Tealium * Mosaic, our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion is grounded in our mosaic of diverse perspectives and shared belonging as we live in work across the US and in nearly 20 countries * Tealium Cares, to promote caring in our communities, 15 hours of paid work time for volunteer activities and programs is offered annually * Tealium Connects (remote-first working), enabling many of us to choose where we do our best work and offering new hire stipends to assist with purchasing things we need to support a successful home office environment * Tealium Ownership, share in the success of Tealium by becoming an owner of Tealium beginning with new hire equity grants * Tealium Time, paid time-off policy to offer flexibility to take time when needed and robust leave programs, including extended paid parental leave and company holidays * Healium, health and wellness programs to help us be our best selves in the experiences of health, physical, mental, social, and even financial well-being and wellness * Tealium LIFT (Learning is Facilitated at Tealium), offering a myriad of professional development opportunities with over 6,000 courses available on demand to best-in-class manager and leadership development programs * Health and Related Benefits Programs, offering market competitive benefits programs Collectively, we contribute our individual pieces (identity, experiences,heritage, backgrounds, religions, viewpoints, gender and more ) to form themosaic of Team Tealium. It is our continuing philosophy to recruit and employthe best qualified individuals without regard to race, color, sex, religion,national origin, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, and/orany other protected characteristic. Tealium does not tolerate unlawfuldiscrimination of any kind and strives to be an inclusive and respectfulworkplace.The highly relevant and differentiated positioning of Tealium’s solutions makesthis a unique and rewarding career opportunity. * Offerings vary by level and location. Show more Show less