# Senior Software Engineer (Python)

**Company:** DIAGRID
**Location:** 
**Score:** 33 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Who We AreWe believe that open-source software, open standards and APIs are the greatesttransformational tools for organizations in the modern software development era.Our mission at Diagrid is to provide developers with APIs and tools that helpthem focus on their code and not on infrastructure. As online digital servicesneed to handle more load and run on multiple clouds or on-premises environments,programming to higher level abstractions delivers consistent, secure andreliable code that is easily portable and helps organizations de-risk theirprojects.Diagrid is founded by the creators of the Dapr and KEDA open-source projects,and who led the user experience, design and development of hyper-scaleinfrastructure cloud services, serverless platforms and open-source projects atMicrosoft. Dapr has now achieved graduated status within the CNCF, joiningrenowned projects like Kubernetes, Prometheus, and Istio.We are backed by top VC firms and supported with industry leading investors andadvisors including Joe Beda (Kubernetes Co-Founder, former Co-Founder / CTO atHeptio) Matt Klein (Creator of Envoy, Lyft), Mark Russinovich (CTO, MicrosoftAzure), William Morgan (Creator of Linkerd, CEO Buoyant), Seth Vargo (SeniorStaff Engineer, Google), Adam Gross (Former CEO, Heroku), Sri Viswanath (FormerCTO, Atlassian), Adam Frankl (Dev Marketing Expert, Neo4J & JFrog), and RoopakVenkatakrishnan (Head of platforms, Bolt).About The TeamWe’re seeking a passionate and talented engineer for our AI Engineering team.The position is fully remote with collaboration across The United States andEurope.Our Work In The Upstream Dapr Repositories Is Not Only Consumed By The CommunityBut Also Serves As Functionality To Diagrid’s Catalyst Product. Our Goal Is ToEnsure Stability, Reliability And Resilient Execution Of AI Agents Regardless OfThe Agent Framework Being Dapr Agents, AWS Strands, Microsoft Agent Framework,LangGraph Or Another. We Focus On 2 Tracks * Dapr Agents (Agentic Framework backed by Dapr Workflows) https://github.com/dapr/dapr-agents * Dapr for Agents (facilitating memory (state management) and workflow execution) https://github.com/dapr/python-sdk/ In the AI Engineering team we value open, transparent and direct communication.We collaborate and uphold ourselves - and each other - to high standards. We’rethorough and ensure that our code is tested, documented and follows ourprinciples for maintainable code. We cherish explorative work and have dedicatedtime set off to collaborate together on exploring venues and opportunitieswithin our domain.Our vision is to make Dapr the foundation for reliable execution andorchestration of AI Agents from any Agentic Framework. To complement this, weare expanding Dapr’s own Dapr Agents framework to be the most reliable andscalable framework for building agentic systems. To ensure both of thesestatements can materialize we will build tooling for LLMs to interact nativelywith Dapr and its APIs as well as tooling to provide the simplest, most cleanand enjoyable developer experience possible.The AI Engineering team reports to the Team Lead, Casper Nielsen, and isorganizationally anchored in the Engineering department under the CTO. As yournew manager I’m looking forward to welcoming you to the team! I’m a calm andcomposed figure with a passion for the intersection between people andtechnology. I value openness, transparency and direct communication. I’m aschooled software engineer with a background in technical leadership, buildingplatforms & cybersecurity across both pharmaceutical and financial industries. Ibelieve in continuous improvement and growth and thus have an expectation thatwe, with a joint responsibility, plan, project, and execute on your continuedpotential.About The RoleYour focus in the team is bringing stellar Python experience to increase ourability to deliver best practices and high quality code to Dapr upstream. Thisrole presents a unique opportunity to work directly in one of CNCFs mostprominent projects. You’ll partake in setting and implementing the standards ofsecure and reliable execution of any AI Agent Framework. You’ll do so byextending Dapr and its SDKs to provide bindings for the most popular frameworksas well as extending the Dapr Agents Framework. This role is the definition ofbleeding edge, it’s fully remote in a company full of passionate and skilledpeople happy to welcome you onboard.Responsibilities * You’ll be contributing, reviewing PRs and expanding documentation to and for dapr/dapr-agents, dapr/python-sdk, dapr/durabletask-python and dapr/docs upstream * Collaborate with partners on integration of Agentic Frameworks into the Dapr ecosystem * Participate in the Dapr community (on Discord, Community calls, etc.) * Participate in promoting the Dapr project with Blog posts, recordings and demos * Assist our Customer Success team on AI & Agentic engagements At Diagrid we write backend code in Go and you will interface and interact withGo however your focus is Python. Some familiarity with Kubernetes is needed inorder to excel at this role.You’ll enter the team as we’re working towards one of our two major milestonedeliveries, Kubecon Europe during spring and Kubecon North America duringautumn. You’ll participate in getting Dapr Agents into stable release (v1.x).Requirements * 5+ years of running Python in production * 3+ years of experience writing tests and testing Python code * 2+ years of experience with Python package management * 2+ years of experience with managing SDKs (internal or external) * Solid understanding of async programming * Solid track record of writing strongly typed Python code * Solid understanding of Agentic workflows/systems * Open Source contribution and/or maintaining is a huge plus Diagrid Benefits * Competitive compensation * Company equity * Remote first & flexible work environment * Flexible paid time off * Comprehensive healthcare for you and your dependents * Choice of hardware * $1000 for home office setup * Monthly WFH stipend * Team events & gatherings * Chance to collaborate with industry-leading figures Diagrid, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate on thebasis of race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age,non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteranstatus, or any other basis covered by appropriate law. All employment is decidedon the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. We embrace andcelebrate differences and diversity.Show more Show less