# Senior Software Engineer - AI

**Company:** BLOOMREACH
**Location:** 
**Score:** 38 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Bloomreach is building the world’s premier agentic platform for personalization.We’re revolutionizing how businesses connect with their customers, building anddeploying AI agents to personalize the entire customer journey. * We're taking autonomous search mainstream, making product discovery more intuitive and conversational for customers, and more profitable for businesses. * We’re making conversational shopping a reality, connecting every shopper with tailored guidance and product expertise — available on demand, at every touchpoint in their journey. * We're designing the future of autonomous marketing, taking the work out of workflows, and reclaiming the creative, strategic, and customer-first work marketers were always meant to do.And we're building all of that on the intelligence of a single AI engine — LoomiAI — so that personalization isn't only autonomous…it's also consistent.Fromretail to financial services, hospitality to gaming, businesses use Bloomreachto drive higher growth and lasting loyalty. We power personalization for morethan 1,400 global brands, including American Eagle, Sonepar, and Pandora.Join our Artificial Intelligence team as a Senior Software Engineer (withoverlap into ML Engineer) and help us revolutionize marketing with ML-poweredsolutions! You'll work on cutting-edge technologies, impacting millions ofusers, and contributing to a product that truly makes a difference. We offerremote work in Central & Eastern Europe, with optional office space inBratislava, Brno, or Prague on a full-time basis, you´ll become a core part ofthe Engineering Team.What challenge awaits you?You'll face the exciting challenge of building and maintaining ML-poweredfeatures in a production environment, ensuring they are reliable, scalable, anddeliver real value to our users. You'll work alongside a team to overcome theunique challenges of building and running ML models in a SaaS environment,including managing data complexity, optimizing for performance, and ensuringmodel robustness.You will cooperate with your teammates, Data Science engineers, and Engineeringand Product leaders to speed up ML-powered features' delivery (from ideation toproduction) by applying principles of continuous discovery, integration,testing, and other techniques from Agile, DevOps, and MLOps mindsets. This willinvolve building efficient workflows, automating processes, and fostering aculture of collaboration and innovation.Your job will be to: * Design & Deliver new features * Ensure quality and performance of developed solution * Support and Maintain owned components * Design & Deliver new features * Translate business requirements for ML-powered features into technical specifications and design documents. * Collaborate with data scientists to ensure new ML features' technical feasibility and scalability. * Define and develop back-office API endpoints (to configure the features) as well as the high-performance serving endpoints. * Develop and implement ML models, algorithms, and data pipelines to support new features. * Deploy and monitor new features in production, ensuring seamless integration with existing systems. * Ensure quality and performance of developed solution * Perform rigorous testing and quality assurance of ML models and code, including unit tests, integration tests, and A/B testing. * Implement monitoring systems and dashboards to track the performance of ML models in production, identify potential issues, and optimize for accuracy and efficiency. * Contribute to developing and implementing DevOps and MLOps best practices within the team. * Support and Maintain owned components * Maintain end-to-end features, encompassing back-office APIs, models, definitions, and high-performance serving APIs. * Provide ongoing support and maintenance for existing ML-powered features, including troubleshooting issues, fixing bugs, and implementing enhancements. * Support our client-facing colleagues in the investigation of possible issues (L3 support). * Document code, design decisions, and operational procedures to facilitate ongoing maintenance and knowledge sharing.What technologies and tools does the AI team work with? * Programming languages - Python * Google Cloud Platform services - GKE, BigQuery, BigTable, GCS, Dataproc, VertexAI * Data Storage and Processing - MongoDB, Redis, Spark, TensorFlow * Software and Tools - Grafana, Sentry, Gitlab, Jira, Productboard, PagerDutyThe owned area encompasses various domains such as Recommendations, Predictions,Contextual bandits, MLOps. Therefore, having experience in these areas would bebeneficial. The team also works with large amounts of data and utilizesplatforms and algorithms for model training and data processing & ML pipelines.Experience in these areas is highly valued.Your success story will be: * In 30 Days: Successfully onboard and contribute to ongoing tasks, demonstrating understanding of the codebase and team processes. * In 90 Days: Contribute to design discussions and independently deliver high-quality code for assigned features. Participate in investigating and resolving production issues. * In 180 Days: Independently manage larger tasks, contribute to team improvements, and confidently handle L3 support, investigating and resolving production issues.You have the following experience and qualities: * Professional — Proven experience in python engineering, system design, and maintenance in the area of AI/ML-powered features. * Personal — Demonstrates strong initiative, ability to work within a team, communication skills, and a commitment to continuous learning and improvement.Professional Experience * Proven experience in Python engineering, with a strong focus on designing and maintaining AI/ML-powered features in production environments. * Experience with cloud platforms (e.g., GCP, AWS) and relevant services for ML development and deployment. * Solid understanding of software architecture principles, particularly in the context of building and maintaining scalable and reliable APIs and microservices. * Experience with version control systems (e.g., Git) and CI/CD pipelines for efficient development and deployment. * Familiarity with common ML frameworks, libraries, and tools (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Scikit-learn, etc.) and with ML pipelines/orchestration frameworks (Kubeflow, Airflow, Prefect,... )Excited? Join us and transform the future of commerce experiences.More things you'll like about Bloomreach:Culture: * A great deal of freedom and trust. At Bloomreach we don’t clock in and out, and we have neither corporate rules nor long approval processes. This freedom goes hand in hand with responsibility. We are interested in results from day one. * We have defined our 5 values and the 10 underlying key behaviors that we strongly believe in. We can only succeed if everyone lives these behaviors day to day. We've embedded them in our processes like recruitment, onboarding, feedback, personal development, performance review and internal communication. * We believe in flexible working hours to accommodate your working style. * We work virtual-first with several Bloomreach Hubs available across three continents. * We organize company events to experience the global spirit of the company and get excited about what's ahead. * We encourage and support our employees to engage in volunteering activities - every Bloomreacher can take 5 paid days off to volunteer*. * The Bloomreach Glassdoor page elaborates on our stellar 4.4/5 rating. The Bloomreach Comparably page Culture score is even higher at 4.9/5Personal Development: * We have a People Development Program -- participating in personal development workshops on various topics run by experts from inside the company. We are continuously developing & updating competency maps for select functions. * Our resident communication coach Ivo Večeřa is available to help navigate work-related communications & decision-making challenges.* * Our managers are strongly encouraged to participate in the Leader Development Program to develop in the areas we consider essential for any leader. The program includes regular comprehensive feedback, consultations with a coach and follow-up check-ins. * Bloomreachers utilize the $1,500 professional education budget on an annual basis to purchase education products (books, courses, certifications, etc.)*Well-being: * The Employee Assistance Program -- with counselors -- is available for non-work-related challenges.* * Subscription to Calm - sleep and meditation app.* * We organize ‘DisConnect’ days where Bloomreachers globally enjoy one additional day off each quarter, allowing us to unwind together and focus on activities away from the screen with our loved ones. * We facilitate sports, yoga, and meditation opportunities for each other. * Extended parental leave up to 26 calendar weeks for Primary Caregivers.*Compensation: * Restricted Stock Units or Stock Options are granted depending on a team member’s role, seniority, and location.* * Everyone gets to participate in the company's success through the company performance bonus.* * We offer an employee referral bonus of up to $3,000 paid out immediately after the new hire starts. * We reward & celebrate work anniversaries -- Bloomversaries!*(*Subject to employment type. Interns are exempt from marked benefits, usuallyfor the first 6 months.)Excited? Join us and transform the future of commerce experiences!If this position doesn't suit you, but you know someone who might be a greatfit, share it - we will be very grateful!Any unsolicited resumes/candidate profiles submitted through our website or topersonal email accounts of employees of Bloomreach are considered property ofBloomreach and are not subject to payment of agency fees.Show more Show less