# Senior Software Engineer II, Backend

**Company:** LTK
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 36 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Title: Senior Software Engineer II, Backend Location: USA-RemoteAbout the roleJoin the LTK Family! As a part of the Retail and Revenue Integrationsorganization, you will help us on our mission to be the largest digitalmarketing platform powered by influencers. You will lead the efforts on theConversion team touching daily active users by develop scalable, reliable, andhigh-performance systems using Golang and related technologies. * Collaborate with product and engineering teams to understand business requirements and translate them into technical specifications. * Write clean, efficient, and maintainable code that adheres to best practices and coding standards. * Write automated tests to ensure high code quality and reduce regression risks. * Come up with feasible and practical solutions to tough problems. * Troubleshoot and debug production issues and provide timely solutions. * Continuously improve the performance, scalability, and reliability of our systems. * Drive tasks to completion and take ownership for your portion of projects. * Work and succeed in a fast-paced and agile development environment. * Identify and drive improvements to our software and development processes. * Work with distributed teams across different time zones.What you will bring to LTK * 8+ years of software development experience. * Degree: A bachelor's or master's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field is preferred, although relevant work experience can sometimes compensate for formal education. * A good understanding of AI/ML technologies, including experience with training and fine-tuning models such as large language models (LLMs), recommendation systems, or computer vision models. * Expertise in designing and maintaining scalable databases (preferably PostgreSQL) and understands the latest trends in database technology, particularly relevant to LLM and AI applications. * Experience with non-relational data stores such as DynamoDB or Cassandra. * History of designing and building scalable distributed systems in a cloud environment. * Experience writing services in Golang (preferred), Python, Java or equivalent. * Experience with relational databases such as MySQL * Experience with AWS services such as ECS, Lambda, and RDS or equivalents * Experience with containerization technologies such as Docker or Kubernetes. * Experience with CI/CD tools such as GitHub Actions or CircleCI. * Familiarity with infrastructure as code such as CloudFormation or Terraform. * Having built scalable internal and public-facing APIs (REST, JSON, HTTP). * Comfortable shipping code multiple times per day. * Ability to model and conceptualize complex systems. * Excellent verbal and written communication skills to both technical and non-technical audiences.Nice to have: * Expertise in Search Engines (vector and/or keyword-based), including areas such as indexing, ranking, retrieval infrastructure, and query execution. * Experience with AI/ML concepts and their application in software development.What we offer * The opportunity to be part of the leading global company in creator commerce * A remote-first, productivity-first environment * Competitive compensation and benefits package to meet the needs of you and your family * 401(k) with LTK company matching * Medical Insurance, Vision Insurance, Dental Insurance * Paid Maternity Leave and Paid Paternity Leave * Summer Fridays and Flexible PTOAbout LTKFounded in 2011, LTK is the global technology platform purpose-built to empowerlifestyle creators to monetize their content. The full-service platform connectsbrands, creators, and shoppers with a world-class shopping app and trusted toolsand technology that make content instantly shoppable. Today, premium lifestylecreators in 160+ countries drive more than $5 billion+ in annual retail salesthrough their LTK Shop profiles. More than 40 million consumers turn to LTKShops in the LTK shopping platform each month to find inspiration and instantlyshop the styles recommended by their favorite creators. More than 8,000retailers and 1M brands partner with LTK to gain access to its global creatornetwork for content that converts against performance-driven, cross-channelKPIs. LTK is headquartered in Dallas, TX, and currently operates on fivecontinents.Our missionTo empower the world’s premium lifestyle Creators to achieve maximum economicsuccess.Our values * Here to win * Commit to the journey * Work wellCommitment to diversityLTK believes diversity, equity, and inclusion are fundamental obligations thatstrengthen our team. We employ a diverse, multi-disciplinary team to build ameaningful company and culture. For US-Based Roles: We are not offering new sponsorships opportunities at thistime for persons requiring employment visas, such as an H-1B; authorization towork in the U.S. is a precondition of employment.Any unsolicited resumes/candidate profiles submitted through our website or topersonal email accounts of employees of LTK are considered the property of LTKand are not subject to payment of agency fees.LTK is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Show more Show less