# Staff Software Engineer, Storage

**Company:** REDDIT, INC.
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Reddit is a community of communities. It’s built on shared interests, passion,and trust, and is home to the most open and authentic conversations on theinternet. Every day, Reddit users submit, vote, and comment on the topics theycare most about. With 100,000+ active communities and approximately 116 milliondaily active unique visitors, Reddit is one of the internet’s largest sources ofinformation. For more information, visit www.redditinc.com.The position is a blend of software engineering and systems engineering, with astrong focus on building and evolving control and data planes, improvingunderlying systems, and writing software that implements critical workflows toautomate and enhance the operation of our large-scale storage infrastructure.We also work with our product teams to make the underlying Storage technologieswork better for Reddit’s main workloads, including defining and improving theapplication’s data models and data access patterns, and lots of times, this alsoinvolves data-driven analysis and tuning of the Storage stack to make stepfunction improvements to the end-to-end data path. There is a substantial amountof troubleshooting and analysis to understand the real problems we face as wescale, and our customer’s workloads change.A successful candidate will; * Design, write, and deliver software to improve the availability, scalability, latency, and efficiency of Reddit’s products in Go, C++ and sometimes Python. * Dive deep into the codebase of supported storage systems to understand system internals. * Be able to make system level improvements, enhancements and implement complex code modifications. * Engage actively with the open-source community to implement and upstream changes to the OSS codebase. * Contribute to the design and implementation of high-performance, large-scale distributed storage systems to power various use cases at Reddit. * Collaborate closely with engineering teams and stakeholders to integrate storage capabilities into broader storage infrastructure and use cases across Reddit. * Mentor and guide other engineers on how to design, build and evangelize vector storage services across Reddit Who You Might Be * 7+ years of experience building internet-scale software, preferably with a focus on machine learning storage infrastructure. * Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages; Golang, Python, C++, Java * Hands-on experience implementing features, optimizations, and bug fixes to distributed storage systems. * Experience contributing code improvements, features and bug fixes to open-source (OSS) projects. * Prior experience with operating a large scale critical infrastructure system with a focus on automation and workflow development is a plus, especially in a role where they were required to be on call. * Excellent communication skills to collaborate with a service-oriented team and company. Benefits * Comprehensive Healthcare Benefits and Income Replacement Programs * 401k Match * Family Planning Support * Gender-Affirming Care * Mental Health & Coaching Benefits * Flexible Vacation & Reddit Global Days off * Generous paid Parental Leave * Paid Volunteer time off ,Pay TransparencyThis job posting may span more than one career level.In addition to base salary, this job is eligible to receive equity in the formof restricted stock units, and depending on the position offered, it may also beeligible to receive a commission. Additionally, Reddit offers a wide range ofbenefits to U.S.-based employees, including medical, dental, and visioninsurance, 401(k) program with employer match, generous time off for vacation,and parental leave. To learn more, please visithttps://www.redditinc.com/careers/.To provide greater transparency to candidates, we share base pay ranges for allUS-based job postings regardless of state. We set standard base pay ranges forall roles based on function, level, and country location, benchmarked againstsimilar stage growth companies. Final offer amounts are determined by multiplefactors including, skills, depth of work experience and relevantlicenses/credentials, and may vary from the amounts listed below.The Base Pay Range For This Position Is$217,000—$303,900 USDIn select roles and locations, the interviews will be recorded, transcribed andsummarized by artificial intelligence (AI). You will have the opportunity to optout of recording, transcription and summarization prior to any scheduledinterviews.During the interview, we will collect the following categories of personalinformation: Identifiers, Professional and Employment-Related Information,Sensory Information (audio/video recording), and any other categories ofpersonal information you choose to share with us. We will use this informationto evaluate your application for employment or an independent contractor role,as applicable. We will not sell your personal information or disclose it to anythird party for their marketing purposes. We will delete any recording of yourinterview promptly after making a hiring decision. For more information abouthow we will handle your personal information, including our retention of it,please refer to our Candidate Privacy Policy for Potential Employees andContractors.Reddit is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and is committed tobuilding a workforce representative of the diverse communities we serve. Redditis committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individualswith disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If,due to a disability, you need an accommodation during the interview process,please let your recruiter know.Show more Show less