# Senior Software Engineer, ML Platform

**Company:** FLOCK SAFETY
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Who is Flock?Flock Safety is the leading safety technology platform, helping communitiesthrive by taking a proactive approach to crime prevention and security. Ourhardware and software suite connects cities, law enforcement, businesses,schools, and neighborhoods in a nationwide public-private safety network.Trusted by over 5,000 communities, 4,500 law enforcement agencies, and 1,000businesses, Flock delivers real-time intelligence while prioritizing privacy andresponsible innovation.We’re a high-performance, low-ego team driven by urgency, collaboration, andbold thinking. Working at Flock means tackling big challenges, moving fast, andcontinuously improving. It’s intense but deeply rewarding for those who want tomake an impact.With nearly $700M in venture funding and a $7.5B valuation, we’re scalingintentionally and seeking top talent to help build the impossible. If you valueteamwork, ownership, and solving tough problems, Flock could be the place foryou.The OpportunityThe Machine Learning team at Flock Safety leverages various software andinfrastructure to support the development and deployment of models. Thisplatform has been created from the effort and creativity of ML, Software, andSite Reliability Engineers. Given the current scale of ML, we are looking for afoundational Senior Software Engineer, ML Platform to solely focus on the MLplatform. Your mission is to improve the software, infrastructure, and systemsthat enable ML Engineers to research, develop and deliver intelligence products,as well as working with Cloud Platform on maintaining and improving ML inferenceservices. An ideal candidate has a good breadth of experience of software,infrastructure, and CI/CD around the ML space, who enjoys creating a space thatallows R&D and Production services to run fast and safely.How You'll Make an Impact * Own and Extend MLOps systems: Take primary ownership of Flock’s custom MLOps tools and systems, leading its development, maintenance, and evolution. * Own and Extend ML R&D Infrastructure: ML uses infrastructure like Packer, Terraform, Docker to allow ML Engineers to quickly create R&D environments for experimentation and development. * Improve CI/CD of ML R&D and Production code bases: ML uses GitHub actions to trigger testing, image creation, release tagging, and production deployment. * Improve design and security of ML software: * Update software to improve performance, testing, and extensibility * Resolve vulnerabilities and other securities issues * Help Production Inference: Partner with ML Engineers, Software, and SRE to improve throughput and scalability of our inference servers, and also to expand its use to support additional models * Be the Platform Expert: Serve as the primary point of contact and technical leader for the ML team on all issues related to infrastructure, specialized build systems, and operational software. About You * Proven track record of owning, developing, maintaining, and evolving custom internal software tools and systems. * Strong experience with infrastructure-as-code and containerization technologies like Terraform, Packer, and Docker, ideally for building and managing robust R&D environments. * Expertise in designing, implementing, and improving CI/CD pipelines, standardizing the full ML lifecycle from testing and image creation to release tagging and production deployment. * Strategic understanding of ML repository architecture, knowing when to leverage a monorepo versus breaking out services into separate repositories to optimize the development lifecycle. * Strong software engineer at heart, skilled in optimizing software for performance, testability, and extensibility, with a keen eye for identifying and remediating security vulnerabilities. * Proficient in Python and familiarity in Go * A natural collaborator, adept at partnering with cross-functional ML, Software, and SRE teams to enhance the throughput and scalability of production inference servers * You thrive as a technical leader and the go-to expert for ML infrastructure, specialized build systems, and operational software. 90 Days at FlockWe prescribe to a 90 day plan, believing that good days lead to good weeks,which lead to good months. This serves as a preview of the 90 day plan you willreceive if you were to be hired in this role at Flock Safety.The First 30 Days * Standardize review and remediation process of high-risk security violations in key development projects. * Enhance the continuous integration/continuous deployment (CI/CD) pipeline for a core development project. The First 60 Days * Update build scripts for key development projects to use current operating systems and drivers. * Implement a new feature in our Machine Learning Operations (ML Ops) system, such as artifact management. First 90 Days * Improve reliability of our ML Ops systems. * Optimize a specific ML project after profiling its performance. Salary & EquityIn this role, you’ll receive a starting salary between $175,000 and $210,000 aswell as Flock Safety Stock Options. Base salary is determined by job-relatedexperience, education/training, as well as market indicators. Your recruiterwill discuss this in-depth with you during our first chat.LocationWe’re building the impossible, together. To drive innovation through in-personcollaboration, we’re prioritizing candidates in our key hubs: Atlanta, Boston,Chicago, Denver, Los Angeles, New York City, San Francisco, and Austin. While wevalue the energy of our hub communities, we embrace remote work and welcomeapplications from exceptional talent across the United States.The Perks🌴Flexible PTO: We offer non-accrual PTO, plus 11 company holidays.⚕️Fully-paid health benefits plan for employees: including Medical, Dental, andVision and an HSA match.👪Family Leave: All employees receive 12 weeks of 100% paid parental leave.Birthing parents are eligible for an additional 6-8 weeks of physical recoverytime.🍼Fertility & Family Benefits: We have partnered with Maven, a complete digitalhealth benefit for starting and raising a family. Flock will provide a$50,000-lifetime maximum benefit related to eligible adoption, surrogacy, orfertility expenses.🧠Spring Health: Spring Health offers a variety of mental health benefits,including therapy, coaching, medication management, and digital tools, alltailored to each individual's needs.💖Caregiver Support: We have partnered with Cariloop to provide our employeeswith caregiver support💸Carta Tax Advisor: Employees receive 1:1 sessions with Equity Tax Advisors whocan address individual grants, model tax scenarios, and answer generalquestions.💚ERGs: We want all employees to thrive and feel like they belong at Flock. Weoffer four ERGs today - Women of Flock, Flock Proud, LEOs and Melanin Motion. Ifyou are interested in talking to a representative from one of these, please letyour recruiter know.💻WFH Stipend: $150 per month to cover the costs of working from home.📚Productivity Stipend: $300 per year to use on Audible, Calm, Masterclass,Duolingo and so much more.🏠Home Office Stipend: A one-time $750 to help you create your dream office.If an offer is extended and accepted, this position requires the ability toobtain and maintain Criminal Justice Information Services (CJIS) certificationas a condition of employment. Applicants must meet all FBI CJIS Security Policyrequirements, including a fingerprint-based background check.Flock is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diverse backgrounds andthoughts and welcome everyone to apply for employment with us. We are committedto fostering an environment that is inclusive, transparent, and collaborative.Mutual respect is central to how Flock operates, and we believe the bestsolutions come from diverse perspectives, experiences, and skills. We embraceour differences and know that we are stronger working together.If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please email usat recruiting@flocksafety.com. This information will be treated as confidentialand used only to determine an appropriate accommodation for the interviewprocess.At Flock Safety, we compensate our employees fairly for their work. Base salaryis determined by job-related experience, education/training, as well as marketindicators. The range above is representative of base salary only and does notinclude equity, sales bonus plans (when applicable) and benefits. This range maybe modified in the future. This job posting may span more than one career level.Flock Safety is aware of fraudulent individuals and agencies falsely claiming torepresent our company. All legitimate communication from Flock Safety will comefrom an email address ending in @flocksafety.com. We do not make job offersthrough messaging apps, social platforms, or unauthorized third parties, and wewill never request payment or sensitive personal information during the hiringprocess. If you encounter suspicious outreach related to a Flock Safety role,please report it to recruiting@flocksafety.comShow more Show less