# Systems Engineer

**Company:** EXTREME NETWORKS
**Location:** 
**Score:** 85 (Tier C)
**Status:** N/A

---

There has never been a better time to join Extreme, with several acquisitionsextending our portfolio and go to market strategy, we have seen enormousopportunity and growth within the region.Extreme Systems Engineer provides technology and product consulting, technicalsales support for various account opportunities, performs high-level andin-depth technical presentations for customers, prospects, and Extreme channelpartners in the territory of responsibility.Extreme Systems Engineer also provides support for RFI/RFP responses, organizesand leads Proof of Concept solution demonstration activities, designs solutionsmeeting customer requirements.Systems Engineer is also required to participate as a specialist on assignedvirtual teams and contribute to other team activities.Domestic/International travel will be required.Candidate Requirements * Excellent presentation skills (fluent in Spanish, Catalan and English). * This role is specifically for covering the East area of Spain, mainly focused on Cataluña, Valencia Community and Balearic Islands, as well as Murcia and Aragón. * Strong, successful pre-sales engineering track record in the industry and territory in a similar position is necessary. * A sound knowledge of fundamental networking technologies: Layer 2/3 switching, IPv4/v6 routing concepts, Overlay networking, VPNs, Wi-Fi operation and design, Network security principles * Knowledge and practical experience in these areas are an advantage: * Cloud technologies and Cloud-based network management platforms * Campus and Data Center designs using either EVPN VXLAN or SPBm. * Compute and network virtualization principles * Network management and orchestration software * SD-WAN, SASE solutions. * Automation scripting and APIs. * Ability to work as a part of customer project teams on design and PoC labs, setting criteria for successful PoCs, and overall solution designs. * Tenacity and perseverance (customer advocate facing internally to Extreme). * Ability to build, develop, and maintain a group of people at the customer/partner side independent of sales, and being accepted as the trusted advisor. * When growing the business, the willingness to assume a team-lead role for the account team when/if business requires additional resources. * Experience working with partners is a plus for technical training on products. * Major account experience and experience in closing deals is necessary. * Extreme Networks certifications are desirable, but not mandatory. * Recognized industry certifications * Ability to demonstrate knowledge and understanding of future trends and market directions. * Strong problem-solving and analytical skills. * Self-motivated with a proven track record of meeting or exceeding sales targets, providing the very much needed technical perspective in these type of projects. * Ability to support customer evaluations, demonstrations and detailed design requirements. * Ability to work closely, side by side with channel and partners. * Good general hands-on lab experience is required.At Extreme, We Value Your Contribution * Training resources: you will have various resources to choose from for your technical & personal development * Technical equipment and work resources: you will be staffed with newest top technology and equipment needed for feeling comfortable at your workplace * Direct participation at company’s success: aside commission earnings, you can voluntarily enroll to our subsidized Employee Stock Purchase Program * Flex First: our flexible work model is engrafted into our culture as we endeavor to have a global workforce that is seamlessly connected no matter where we are * Recreation time matters: our working time model gives you major flexibility on taking time off when you need it * Employee Assistance: we provide you with lots of programs and activities, but also individual support as desired * On top insurances: you will be enrolled to our insurances on Business Travel, Pension Scheme and Life & Occupational Disability * And so much more…Extreme uses Cloud Management, Machine Learning, and Artificial Intelligence toradically simplify and secure the Access Network. Our Cloud-Managed Wireless,Switching, Routing, and Security technologies provide unrivalled flexibility indeployment, management, and licensing. Working with pioneering Controller-lessWi-Fi and Cloud Management, Extreme delivers continuous innovation atCloud-speed that constantly challenges the industry norm, allowing customers torethink what’s possible. Our innovations and global cloud footprint radicallysimplify Access Network operation for 30,000+ customers and 10+ million dailyusers.We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiringprocess, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessingresponses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace humanjudgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you wouldlike more information about how your data is processed, please contact us.Show more Show less