# Senior Principal Engineer, Identity

**Company:** ATLASSIAN
**Location:** 
**Score:** 30 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

OverviewWorking at AtlassianAtlassians can choose where they work – whether in an office, from home, or acombination of the two. That way, Atlassians have more control over supportingtheir family, personal goals, and other priorities. We can hire people in anycountry where we have a legal entity. Interviews and onboarding are conductedvirtually, a part of being a distributed-first company.We are looking for an experienced software engineer/architect to join theIdentity group within Atlassian. Atlassian’s Identity and Access Management(IAM) system is a comprehensive framework that is designed to facilitateauthentication, authorization, and user management across all Atlassian cloudproducts thereby enabling user-centric collaboration scenarios in a highlysecure manner. We're looking for an engineer who can help evolve the Identityplatform to better meet the needs of large enterprise customers as well asunderstand the evolving security landscape in the context of Agentic AI. Therole will report directly to the Head of Engineering for Identity. This is aremote-friendly opportunity.ResponsibilitiesWhat you’ll do * Shape the forward-looking technical direction and long-term architecture for the Identity Platform * Collaborate with product, engineering and design leaders to understand and influence the broader department level long term strategy * Build a technical strategy to address the security and compliance needs of the full spectrum of customers (from small and medium to the largest enterprises). * Ensure that the technical strategy you build is aligned with the technical strategy of Atlassian products and platforms * Partner with principal engineers and architects from other teams and drive exploration of large-scale projects spanning multiple teams * Provide pragmatic and balanced advice to the engineering leaders to invest in the long term architecture while also servicing the current systems with high quality * Improve, through example, the quality of software construction and meaningful code reviews in an agile environment. * Be a role model for, and influence a large team of engineers at multiple seniority levels all the way from grads to principal engineers, and mentor engineers across the teams. * Be influential within your team and work with peers and senior leaders to define and revise the standards for operational excellence across Atlassian. * Mentor, hire and develop other engineers. QualificationsQualifications: * 12+ years of experience building software, with 4+ years in an architect/principal role working across teams * Expert-level proficiency with 5+ years experience in Identity and Access Management systems * Broad experience architecting, designing, building large-scale systems (for enterprises) with multiple dependencies * Passion for building quality solutions and up-keeping quality standards. * Success with building, expressing, and pitching a technical vision to stakeholders. * Experience with collaboration with an ecosystem of teams * Success with leading the long-term strategy for software architecture * Experience with building and operating large scale, high availability, high reliability services * Experience in operational requirements and common challenges of software systems * Experience working on security and compliance-related features * A desire to influence the company's technical direction * An ability and desire to mentor and coach engineers. * Proficiency in spoken and written English CompensationAt Atlassian, we strive to design equitable, explainable, and competitivecompensation programs. To support this goal, the baseline of our range is higherthan that of the typical market range, but in turn we expect to hire mostcandidates near this baseline. Base pay within the range is ultimatelydetermined by a candidate's skills, expertise, or experience. In the UnitedStates, we have three geographic pay zones. For this role, our current base payranges for new hires in each zone are:Zone A: $239,400 - $312,550Zone B: $216,000 - $282,000Zone C: $198,900 - $259,675This role may also be eligible for benefits, bonuses, commissions, and equity.Please visit go.atlassian.com/payzones for more information on which locationsare included in each of our geographic pay zones. However, please confirm thezone for your specific location with your recruiter.Our Perks & BenefitsAtlassian offers a variety of perks and benefits to support you, your family andto help you engage with your local community. Our offerings include healthcoverage, paid volunteer days, wellness resources, and so much more. Visitgo.atlassian.com/perksandbenefits to learn more.About AtlassianAt Atlassian, we're motivated by a common goal: to unleash the potential ofevery team. Our software products help teams all over the planet and oursolutions are designed for all types of work. Team collaboration through ourtools makes what may be impossible alone, possible together.We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians create our success.To ensure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone'sperspectives and experience, we never discriminate based on race, religion,national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, ormarital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be keptconfidential according to EEO guidelines.To provide you the best experience, we can support with accommodations oradjustments at any stage of the recruitment process. Simply inform ourRecruitment team during your conversation with them.To learn more about our culture and hiring process, visit go.atlassian.com/crh .Show more Show less