# Principal Network Engineer

**Company:** ORACLE
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Job DescriptionWe are the AI Infrastructure - Network Operations team at OCI. We support andoperate the RDMA/RoCE network fabrics for OCI's largest AI and HPC customers.These fabrics are the foundation underneath OCI's AI, GPU and HPC services, andsupport major tier-0 vendors in the generative AI industry. If you're running anAI workload at OCI, we're running the RDMA network underneath your workload.A Principal Network Engineer on our team supports the design, deployment, andoperations of a large-scale global Oracle cloud computing environment (OracleCloud Infrastructure - OCI). Primarily focused on operation and support ofRDMA/RoCE network fabrics and systems, through a combination of a deep networkunderstanding and automation skills to operate a production environment. As OCIis a cloud-based network with a global footprint, this support will includehundreds of thousands of network devices supporting millions of servers,connected over a mix of dedicated backbone infrastructure and the Internet.ResponsibilitiesLead network lifecycle management programs by defining high-level objectives anddelivery procedures. Organizes project technical milestones & supporting tasks.Works as project technical lead, coordinating effort of two or three engineers.Advises project/program manager and coordinates with immediate and skip-levelleadership. Collaborates across teams within same org (same VP). May serve astechnical SME in cross-functional activities. Has technical responsibility forcomplex project(s), including project requirements, specifications, anddocumentation. Responsible for decomposing high-level architectures intodetailed designs. Leads multiple engineers in developing network solutionsconsisting of multiple modules with complex interactions; Work with supportingservice teams to ensure solutions are properly supported by monitoring andautomation systems. Serves at Tier2 or specialized escalation point for networkevents and provides break-fix support for large-scale events. Serves asprinciple point of contact for driving systematic resolution of complex networkissues. Act as SME for root cause analysis efforts. Frequently develops scriptsto automate non-traditional, complex tasks for business unit. May serve as atechnical lead on network automation design and delivery projects. Comprehensiveunderstanding of the software development lifecycle. Provides a broad set ofguidance to technical and senior technical members of staff. Interprets inputfrom leaders (technical and managers) and provides focused development to juniormember. Able to carry out technical coaching sessions, and helps junior membersdevelop skills. Collaborates with vendor engineering and account manager toaddress current business or operational issues. Participates in the developmentof RFQ/RFPs. May lead the adoption of new vendor hardware. Active communicationwith product teams. Responsible to drive technology to meet product and servicerequirements. Participate in coordinated communication with product teams,networking leadership, and PMO to help assess gaps, solutions and needs.QualificationsDisclaimer:Certain US customer or client-facing roles may be required to comply withapplicable requirements, such as immunization and occupational health mandates.Range and benefit information provided in this posting are specific to thestated locations onlyUS: Hiring Range in USD from: $109,200 - $223,400 per year. May be eligible forbonus and equity.Oracle maintains broad salary ranges for its roles in order to account forvariations in knowledge, skills, experience, market conditions and locations, aswell as reflect Oracle’s differing products, industries and lines of business.Candidates are typically placed into the range based on the preceding factors aswell as internal peer equity.Oracle US offers a comprehensive benefits package which includes the following: * Medical, dental, and vision insurance, including expert medical opinion * Short term disability and long term disability * Life insurance and AD&D * Supplemental life insurance (Employee/Spouse/Child) * Health care and dependent care Flexible Spending Accounts * Pre-tax commuter and parking benefits * 401(k) Savings and Investment Plan with company match * Paid time off: Flexible Vacation is provided to all eligible employees assigned to a salaried (non-overtime eligible) position. Accrued Vacation is provided to all other employees eligible for vacation benefits. For employees working at least 35 hours per week, the vacation accrual rate is 13 days annually for the first three years of employment and 18 days annually for subsequent years of employment. Vacation accrual is prorated for employees working between 20 and 34 hours per week. Employees working fewer than 20 hours per week are not eligible for vacation. * 11 paid holidays * Paid sick leave: 72 hours of paid sick leave upon date of hire. Refreshes each calendar year. Unused balance will carry over each year up to a maximum cap of 112 hours. * Paid parental leave * Adoption assistance * Employee Stock Purchase Plan * Financial planning and group legal * Voluntary benefits including auto, homeowner and pet insurance The role will generally accept applications for at least three calendar daysfrom the posting date or as long as the job remains posted.Career Level - IC4About UsAs a world leader in cloud solutions, Oracle uses tomorrow’s technology totackle today’s challenges. We’ve partnered with industry-leaders in almost everysector—and continue to thrive after 40+ years of change by operating withintegrity.We know that true innovation starts when everyone is empowered to contribute.That’s why we’re committed to growing an inclusive workforce that promotesopportunities for all.Oracle careers open the door to global opportunities where work-life balanceflourishes. We offer competitive benefits based on parity and consistency andsupport our people with flexible medical, life insurance, and retirementoptions. We also encourage employees to give back to their communities throughour volunteer programs.We’re committed to including people with disabilities at all stages of theemployment process. If you require accessibility assistance or accommodation fora disability at any point, let us know by emailingaccommodation-request_mb@oracle.com or by calling +1 888 404 2494 in the UnitedStates.Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicantswill receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color,religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disabilityand protected veterans’ status, or any other characteristic protected by law.Oracle will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest andconviction records pursuant to applicable law.Show more Show less