# Staff Software Engineer, iOS Platform

**Company:** AIRBNB
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 18 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their SanFrancisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomedover 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Everyday, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for gueststo connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will JoinThe iOS Platform team’s mission is to provide best-in-class experience for iOSdevelopment at Airbnb to empower engineers to deliver innovative solutions withhigh velocity and quality at scale.We’re ambitious in our vision, and our work spans a large surface area, fromframeworks and tooling to build systems, CI, Testing, and Xcode IDEintegrations. We maintain and evolve the core libraries & frameworks thatunderlie most of the Airbnb iOS app and enable product engineers to build greatfeatures. Our application is nearly 100% written in Swift and we adopt thelatest Apple technologies including SwiftUI, Swift Macros, Swift Testing,structured concurrency, and Combine.The Difference You Will MakeIn this role, you’ll be responsible for driving projects that increase theproductivity of the iOS community at Airbnb and unlock new capabilities througha combination of frameworks and toolings.A Typical Day * Collaborate with team members & cross functional partners to identify opportunities for improving our developers’ productivity. * Drive roadmap projects and deliver high quality results to further our mission. * Improve our existing frameworks & toolings to deliver on our ambitious vision. Your Expertise * 5-9+ years of industry experience building iOS apps. * Experience building frameworks, including integration with code generation * Deep iOS expertise with experience in foundation/platform/infrastructure development * iOS product feature development experience * Experience working in medium to large-scale codebases. * [Nice to have] 2+ years of experience using SwiftUI * [Nice to have] 2+ years of experience using Apple’s modern concurrency offerings, Combine and Swift Concurrency * [Nice to have] Experience leveraging Agentic AI to drive large scale migrations * Ability to travel to the San Francisco office for about a week each quarter for gatherings. Your Location:This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work atan Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager.While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb,Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excludedstates. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if thestate you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed byanother Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you areeligible to work from.Our Commitment To Inclusion & BelongingAirbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. Webelieve diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attractcreatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions.All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interviewprocess. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonableaccommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at:reasonableaccommodations@airbnb.com. Please include your full name, the roleyou’re applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with therecruiting process.We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disabilityprevents you from being able to complete our online application.How We'll Take Care Of YouOur job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay isdependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, workexperience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject tochange and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible forbonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.Pay Range$204,000—$255,000 USDShow more Show less