# Senior Software Engineer - Risk Engineering

**Company:** FLEX
**Location:** 
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Flex is a growth-stage, NYC headquartered FinTech company that is creating thebest rent payment experience. It’s hard to believe that it’s 2025 and payingrent on time is expensive, inflexible, and difficult. We’re here to change that!Flex enables our users to pay rent throughout the month on a schedule thatbetter fits their finances and budget. Our mission is to empower as many rentersas possible with flexibility over their most significant recurring expense.After deliberately keeping a stealth profile as we built up unprecedentedinvestor support and an enthusiastic user base, we are looking for motivatedindividuals to help us keep our mission growing. Will you be a part of the team?About The JobFlex is looking for a Senior Software Engineer (Fullstack) to join our RiskPlatform team. This role involves spearheading the implementation of platformsand APIs crucial for supporting business features within the risk managementdomain.The Risk Platform team is dedicated to mitigating both credit risk and fraudrisk. Our mission is to enhance Flex app accessibility for customers whilesafeguarding against improper use and unauthorized access by identifying andpreventing misuse across all core product areas.Following are some projects/systems in Risk Platform you will have opportunitiesto work with: * Core decision platform which is an end-to-end solution for the enterprise decision management lifecycle, including business rule management, analytics, process management, and ML/AI. * Event data stream ingestion which supports near real-time fraud rules setup. * Advanced a/b testing and experimentation capabilities for our customers so they can leverage greedy algorithms and fight fraud. What You’ll Do * Build decision platform / machine learning solutions to respond to/mitigate business risks in Flex. * Design and develop 24/7 high-scale APIs and distributed systems. The tech stack will be on AWS. Java would be the language for the existing code base. Java Spring Boot will be the framework. * Work closely with product, design, and engineering peers to launch new features across our web and mobile platforms QualificationsMinimum Qualifications * 6+ years of professional software development experience. * 5+ years of hands-on experience with Java. * 2+ years of experience with React or React Native. * 2+ years of experience with TypeScript. * Having experience building high-quality mobile and web UIs to specifications is a must to have. * Proficient in Java frameworks and tools used at Flex, including Spring (core/web/boot), Gradle, JUnit, and JVM (memory/performance tuning, GC). * Experience with microservice Architecture, Restful APIs, Message Queues, and scalable architectures. * Experience with architectures and tools in React Native and React ecosystems (Hooks, Components, Context, Redux). * Experience with AWS (EKS, Aurora RDS, Elasticache, DynamoDB) and containerization tools. Preferred Qualifications * Experience working in a risk engineering team and with decision engine / rule engine or fraud/transaction risk systems. * Proficient in CI/CD systems (preferably GitHub Actions), git, and automation. * Skilled in observability and monitoring tools, such as DataDog, to ensure high availability. * Experienced with big data platforms and tooling, including Snowflake. * Proficient in Infrastructure as Code, using tools like CDK and Terraform. * Skilled at elevating team standards through best practices, and mentoring junior engineers. * Excellent written and verbal communicator, with experience in cross-functional collaboration. The salary compensation range for this role will be commensurate with thecandidate's experience and Flex's internal leveling guidelines andbenchmarks.For working locations in NY/NJ/CA, the base salary pay range will be$197,000-$213,000 For all other states, the base salary pay range will be$177,000-$192,000Life at Flex:We understand that it takes a diverse team of highly intelligent, curious,determined, empathetic, and self aware people to grow a successful company. OurHQ is located in New York City, but we have employees located throughout the US,Australia, Canada and South America. We are growing quickly, but deliberately,with a focus on building an inclusive culture. Our dynamic team has incredibleperspectives to share, just as we know you do, and we take great pride in beingan equal opportunity workplace.We offer many employee benefits & perks. For full-time U.S based positions weoffer: * Competitive medical, dental, and vision available from Day 1 * Company equity * 401(k) plan with company match (our company match kicks off at the beginning of 2026) * Unlimited paid time off + 13 company paid holidays * Parental leave * Flex Cares Program * Free Flex subscription For full time non-US employees, we offer * Competitive compensation + company equity * Unlimited PTOShow more Show less