# Manager, Solutions Engineering, EMEA

**Company:** DOIT
**Location:** 
**Score:** 85 (Tier C)
**Status:** N/A

---

LocationThe Manager, Solution Engineering, will be an integral part of our Salesleadership team in EMEA. This role is based remotely in Ireland or the UK.Who We AreDoiT is a global technology company that works with cloud-driven organizationsto leverage the cloud to drive business growth and innovation. We combine data,technology, and human expertise to ensure our customers operate in awell-architected and scalable state - from planning to production. DeliveringDoiT Cloud Intelligence, the only solution that integrates advanced technologywith human intelligence, we help our customers solve complex multicloud problemsand drive efficiency.With decades of multicloud experience, we have specializations in Kubernetes,GenAI, CloudOps, and more. An award-winning strategic partner of AWS, GoogleCloud, and Microsoft Azure, we work alongside more than 4,000 customersworldwide.The OpportunityDoiT is looking for an experienced and technically adept Manager of SolutionEngineering to build and lead an engaged and high functioning team of SolutionEngineers to execute the technical sales process as an integral part of ourGlobal Sales Team.Our ideal candidate is an accomplished Solution Engineering leader withexperience building and leading SE teams in a B2B SaaS software environment. Youhave an established track record of success and enjoy leading by example,defining best practices and collaborating with key stakeholders across thebusiness to drive success and technical wins. You are excited about enablingcompanies to transform themselves using the public cloud and the serviceofferings in the cloud (AWS, GCP, etc.)You will hold yourself accountable for the success of any initiative you areinvolved in, approach every obstacle as an opportunity for continuousimprovement and are comfortable working in a fast-paced, growing, andentrepreneurial environment.Responsibilities * Build and lead a highly engaged and successful team of Solution Engineers aligned to key regional sales teams around the world; Defining key metrics for success, best practices and operational procedures, and goals for the team and the individuals on it. * Serve as a player-coach working in conjunction with the sales leadership team as a key technical advisor and advocate for DoiT while mapping value to the prospect’s needs, incorporating feedback to drive quality and consistency across the Solution Engineering team. * Implement and refine strategies to improve trial win rates, beat the competition, develop stronger technical buyer relationships - while relaying actionable feedback to product leadership for further consideration as part of our product roadmap discussions. * Define and ensure accountability around best practices in the execution of demos and trials across the Solution Engineering team and as a a subject matter expert on our SaaS packages and functionality yourself. * Develop and train the Solution Engineering team on the model for delivering engaging demonstrations in collaboration with our Sales, Marketing and Training Teams. * Understand and implement technical sales strategies based on competitive selling strategy - creating a culture of continuous learning and improvement across the team. * Serve as an escalation point for the team with a sense of urgency as we manage complex technical sales processes in a highly collaborative environment with multiple departments and stakeholders. * Partner with Product Marketing align on and refine effective strategies to manage and deliver demonstrations, maintain demo environments, and respond to RFPs. * Present to prospects, customers and partners, at external events, conferences, seminars, etc. * Ensure timely entry of data into internal business support solutions. * Contribute to systems and tools to provide key business information and metrics to highlight performance and effectiveness. Responsibilities * 3+ years of management experience at B2B SaaS software company leading a pre-sales / Solution Engineering team selling into both enterprise and mid-market accounts. * 2+ years of FinOps and Kubernetes experience * Deep understanding of best practices for creating, leading and operationalizing Solution Engineering teams at scale. * An understanding of ITSM eco-systems and prominent solutions within them, such as: Cloud Management tools, DataDog, Chef, Ansible, Puppet, New Relic, ServiceNow, AlertLogic etc. * Experience working with Amazon Web Services (AWS) or equivalent cloud, and Datacenter experience with knowledge of hypervisors like VMWare. * Strong data analysis skills and the ability /navigate spreadsheets to identify trends, outliers, correlations and reconciliation needs across large data sets. * Good practical understanding of cloud-centric architectures. * Comfort level working in a metric-driven environment, including reporting on and improving business performance against a set of monthly KPIs and metrics. * The ability to take complex pieces of technology and explain them in a simple and easy to understand way. * Solid verbal, written, presentation and interpersonal communication skills in English. Additional languages are a plus. * Intellectual curiosity, great problem solving skills and passion for continuous improvement. * Previous experience working with/presenting to executive-level prospects and customers. * Experience with modern technical selling best practices and selling in a competitive environment, including implementing new or improved trial, demo, and RFP processes. * Proven track record of success in a fast-growing and scaling business. Are you a Do’er?Be your truest self. Work on your terms. Make a difference.We are home to a global team of incredible talent who work remotely and have theflexibility to have a schedule that balances your work and home life. We embraceand support leveling up your skills professionally and personally.What does being a Do’er mean? We’re all about being entrepreneurial, pursuingknowledge, and having fun! Click here to learn more about our core values.Sounds too good to be true? Check out our Glassdoor Page.We thought so too, but we’re here and happy we hit that ‘apply’ button.Full-time employee benefits include: * Unlimited Vacation * Flexible Working Options * Health Insurance * Parental Leave * Employee Stock Option Plan * Home Office Allowance * Professional Development Stipend * Peer Recognition Program Many Do’ers, One TeamDoiT unites as Many Do’ers, One Team, where diversity is more than a goal—it'sour strength. We actively cultivate an inclusive, equitable workplace,recognizing that each unique perspective enhances our innovation. By celebratingdifferences, we create an environment where every individual feels valued,contributing to our collective success.Show more Show less