# Senior Software Engineer - Toast IQ

**Company:** TOAST
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 22 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Toast is driven by building the restaurant platform that helps restaurantsadapt, take control, and get back to what they do best: building the businessesthey love. We are looking for a fullstack Senior Software Engineer to join theToast IQ team to transform how Toast helps its customers run their restaurants.On the Toast IQ team, our mission is to provide next-generation monetized AIfeatures within Toast IQ, our AI assistant that helps our customers save time byhelping them easily answer important questions about their business. We believethat if we do our job right, restaurants using Toast IQ will spend less hours onoperations, make better margins, generate more revenue, and have a better guestand employee experience, compared to other restaurants outside and within theToast ecosystem.This role includes responsibility for the experience delivered to our end users,the services backing that experience, and the integrations to other Toastproducts.A day in the life (Responsibilities): * Join a collaborative team of Design, Product, QA, and other engineering members in developing robust and scalable full-stack software applications. * Lead complex projects that improve functionality and reliability for our customers * Provide design feedback and participate in code reviews to ensure implementation meet requirements * Participate in architectural discussions and influence the technical roadmap * Advocate for best coding practices to raise the bar for you, your team, and the company * Mentor and provide technical guidance to other team members What you'll need to thrive (Requirements): * 5+ years of full-stack experience in Java, Kotlin, or other object-oriented languages, and modern web frameworks such as React. * Proficient with modern web standards and technologies (e.g. REST, GraphQL) * Proficient with non-relational data stores (e.g. DynamoDB) * Experience with machine learning or large language models. * Experience with distributed systems, enterprise messaging systems, and/or microservices * Experience delivering high-quality, reliable services to production * Excellent cross-team communication skills on complex technical topics * Passionate about technology and learning new things AI at ToastAt Toast we’re Hungry to Build and Learn. We believe learning new AI toolsempowers us to build for our customers faster, more independently, and withhigher quality. We provide these tools across all disciplines, from Engineeringand Product to Sales and Support, and are inspired by how our Toasters arealready driving real value with them. The people who thrive here are those whoembrace changes that let us build more for our customers; it’s a core part ofour culture.Our Spread* of Total RewardsWe strive to provide competitive compensation and benefits programs that help toattract, retain, and motivate the best and brightest people in our industry. Ourtotal rewards package goes beyond great earnings potential and provides themeans to a healthy lifestyle with the flexibility to meet Toasters’ changingneeds. Learn more about our benefits athttps://careers.toasttab.com/toast-benefits. * Bread puns encouraged but not required The base salary range for this role is listed below. The starting salary will bedetermined based on skills and experience. In addition to base salary, our totalrewards components include cash compensation (overtime, bonus/commissions, ifeligible), benefits, and equity (if eligible).Pay Range$134,000—$214,000 USDDiversity, Equity, and Inclusion is Baked into our Recipe for SuccessAt Toast, our employees are our secret ingredient—when they thrive, we thrive.The restaurant industry is one of the most diverse, and we embrace thatdiversity with authenticity, inclusivity, respect, and humility. By embeddingthese principles into our culture and design, we create equitable opportunitiesfor all and raise the bar in delivering exceptional experiences.We Thrive TogetherWe embrace a hybrid work model that fosters in-person collaboration whilevaluing individual needs. Our goal is to build a strong culture of connection aswe work together to empower the restaurant community. To learn more about how wework globally and regionally, check out:https://careers.toasttab.com/locations-toast.Apply today!Toast is committed to creating an accessible and inclusive hiring process. Aspart of this commitment, we strive to provide reasonable accommodations forpersons with disabilities to enable them to access the hiring process. If youneed an accommodation to access the job application or interview process, pleasecontact candidateaccommodations@toasttab.com.For roles in the United States, It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require oradminister a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continuedemployment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminalpenalties and civil liability.Show more Show less