# Senior Security Engineer, Application Security

**Company:** 1PASSWORD
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 24 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

1Password is growing faster than ever. We’ve surpassed $400M in ARR and we’recontinuing to accelerate, earning a spot on the Forbes Cloud 100 for four yearsin a row and teaming up with iconic partners like Oracle Red Bull Racing and theUtah Mammoth.About 1PasswordAt 1Password, we’re building the foundation for a safe, productive digitalfuture. Our mission is to unleash employee productivity without compromisingsecurity by ensuring every identity is authentic, every application sign-in issecure, and every device is trusted. We innovated the market-leading enterprisepassword manager and pioneered Extended Access Management, a new cybersecuritycategory built for the way people and AI agents work today. As one of the mostloved brands in cybersecurity, we take a human-centric approach in everythingfrom product strategy to user experience. Over 180,000 businesses, from Fortune100 leaders to the world’s most innovative AI companies, trust 1Password to helptheir teams securely adopt the SaaS and AI tools they need to do their bestwork.If you're excited about the opportunity to contribute to the digital safety ofmillions, to work alongside a team of curious, driven individuals, and to solvehard problems in a fast-paced, dynamic environment, then we want to hear fromyou. Come join us and help shape a safer, simpler digital future.We are excited to welcome a Senior Engineer to join our Application Securityteam at 1Password. Application Security enables 1Password to build and deliversecure products with confidence. We’re responsible for the Security Engineeringaround Product Development - things like Static and Dynamic Application SecurityTesting, Pentesting, Security AI Tooling, our Bug Bounty Program, VulnerabilityManagement, and more.As part of the Application Security team, this Senior Engineer will primarilyfocus on building and maturing our Vulnerability Management Program, whosemission is to continuously identify, assess, prioritize, and drive remediationof security vulnerabilities across our products, platforms, and infrastructure —ensuring that 1Password maintains the highest standards of trust and safety forour users.As part of this program, the Senior Security Engineer will: * Design, build, integrate and scale new security solutions to power our vulnerability management program. * Develop and maintain tools that correlate, enrich, and prioritize security vulnerability findings from multiple data sources. * Develop and maintain comprehensive dashboards and reporting metrics around our vulnerability management program, tailored to different audiences (technical, non-technical, compliance, senior leadership, etc.) * Conduct detailed analysis used to inform security development teams to eliminate classes of vulnerabilities * Partner with product and development teams to improve vulnerability triage workflows, validate findings, and come up with remediation strategies consistent with good user experiences. * Contribute to the design of risk-scoring and SLA models that align with business priorities. * Mentor other engineers and help shape the evolution of our vulnerability management strategy. This is a remote opportunity within Canada and the US.What We're Looking For * You have 5+ years of career experience in IT or Engineering with a security focus * You have a passion for and strong experience with any of: bug bounty programs, vulnerability research, validation, remediation or pentesting * You have experience with internal tool development and engineering enablement * You have a strong foundational understanding of software development principles, and are comfortable reading and writing code * You work well in a team environment with positive communications amongst a variety of technical and non-technical stakeholders * You are comfortable owning and setting technical direction for small to medium sized initiatives * You’re adaptable and resilient, thriving in fast-paced environments with shifting priorities Bonus Points For * Experience with Rust and/or Golang, or a demonstrated ability to pick up new languages quickly. * Experience with popular compliance standards and certifications (e.g. SOC2, ISO, PCI) * Experience building or maintaining vulnerability management programs in medium to large sized organizations USA-based roles only: The annual base salary for this role is between $156,000USD and $210,000 USD, plus immediate participation in 1Password's benefitsprogram (health, dental, 401k and many others), utilization of our generous paidtime off, an equity grant and, where applicable, participation in our incentiveprograms.Canada-based roles only: The annual base salary for this role is between$143,000 CAD and $193,000 CAD, plus immediate participation in 1Password’sgenerous benefits program (health, dental, RRSP and many others), utilization ofour generous paid time off, an equity grant and, where applicable, participationin our incentive programs.At 1Password, we approach each individual's compensation with a promise of fairmarket value and internal equity commensurate with experience and specific skillset.Our cultureAt 1Password, we prioritize collaboration, clear and transparent communication,receptiveness to feedback, and alignment with our core values: keep it simple,lead with honesty, and put people first.You’ll be part of a team that challenges the status quo, and is excited toexperiment and iterate in search of the best solution. That said, 1Password isnot for everyone . Our work is demanding, we strive for excellence, and the paceis fast. We need people who are keen to take on challenging problems, who seekfeedback to grow, and who are driven to make an impact. If you're looking for aplace where you can settle into a comfortable routine, this might not be theright fit for you. We’re looking for individuals who are proven experts in theirfields, as well as those who are highly adaptable, can thrive in ambiguity andthrough change, are curious, and above all deliver results.We are committed to leveraging cutting-edge technology—including AI—to achieveour mission. We also understand that thinking critically about AI in its currentforms will help us create better solutions for our customers and ourselves withits future forms, which will help us continue to close the gap between securityand privacy and achieve our mission. We want team members at all levels to takethe approach of actively learning AI best practices, identifying opportunitiesto apply AI in meaningful ways, and driving innovative solutions in their dailywork. Embracing the future of AI isn't just encouraged at 1Password—it's anessential part of how we will be successful at 1Password.Our approach to remote workWe believe in the power of remote work, but recognize that in-person connectionis important to help us achieve our mission. While we are a remote-firstcompany, travel for in-person engagement is a part of almost all roles, and werequire our employees to be ready and willing to take part. Frequency willdepend on role and responsibilities, and may include, but is not limited to:annual department-wide offsites, team meetings, and customer/industry events.What We OfferWe believe in working hard, and rewarding that hard work through our benefits.While not an exhaustive list, here is a glance at what we currently offer:Health and wellbeing👶 Maternity and parental leave top-up programs🩺 Competitive health benefits🏝 Generous PTO policyGrowth and future📈 RSU program for most employees💸 Retirement matching program🔑 Free 1Password accountCommunity🤝 Paid volunteer days🏆 Peer-to-peer recognition through Bonusly🌎 Remote-first work environment * Some roles in our GTM team are currently being hired for in-person hybrid work in Toronto and Austin. These roles will specify on the posting. You belong here.1Password is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed tofostering an inclusive, diverse and equitable workplace that is built on trust,support and respect. We welcome all individuals and do not discriminate on thebasis of gender identity and expression, race, ethnicity, disability, sexualorientation, colour, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, maritalstatus, pregnancy, sex, citizenship, education, languages spoken or veteranstatus. Be yourself, find your people and share the things you love.Accommodation is available upon request at any point during our recruitmentprocess. If you require an accommodation, please speak to your talentacquisition partner or email us at nextbit@agilebits.com and we’ll work to meetyour needs.Remote work is a part of our DNA. Given that our company was founded remotely in2005, we can safely say we're experts at building remote culture. That said,remote work at 1Password does mean working from your home country. If you've gotquestions or concerns about this, your talent partner would be happy to addressthem with you.Successful applicants will be required to complete a background check that mayconsist of prior employment verification, reference checks, educationconfirmation, criminal background, publicly available social media, credithistory, or other information, as permitted by local law.This posting is for an existing vacancy.1Password uses artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML)technologies, including natural language processing and predictive analytics, toassist in the initial screening of employment applications and improve ourrecruitment process. See here for the latest third party bias audit information.If you prefer not to have your application assessed using AI/ML features, youmay opt out by completing this form. For additional information see ourCandidate Privacy Notice.Show more Show less