# Solutions Architect

**Company:** LINGARO
**Location:** 
**Score:** 85 (Tier C)
**Status:** N/A

---

Growth through diversity, equity, and inclusion. As an ethical business, we dowhat is right — including ensuring equal opportunities and fostering a safe,respectful workplace for each of us. We believe diversity fuels both personaland business growth. We're committed to building an inclusive community whereall our people thrive regardless of their backgrounds, identities, or otherpersonal characteristics.Tasks: * Leading delivery of Data Integration and Analytics solutions for our customers provided within major cloud platforms (Azure/AWS/GCP) * Preparing a complete solution design * Taking responsibility for critical technological decisions * Providing continuous architectural and technical design support to the application development team-Leading application development at all lifecycle stages – POC, MVP, full-scale PROD solutions * Providing mid- and long-term application development/growth strategy * Proactively identifying and proposing solutions to mitigate project risks-Directly facing our customers for ongoing project and presales matters-Cooperating with internal and client teams in international setup * Defining development standards and frameworks * Driving technology innovation, continuously improving technical knowledge, staying up-to-date with latest trends * Participating in projects staffing and planning (as a consulting Architect)-Supporting pre-sales initiatives from a technological standpoint * Contributing to internal tech communitiesWhat We're Looking For: * At least 10 years of overall experience in IT commercial projects, including at least 4 years in the role of a Solution Architect * Expertise in at least one of following cloud platforms – Azure, AWS, GCP * Deep understanding and hands-on experience with Data Engineering cloud resources * Expertise in Data Integration/Engineering and Analytics concepts, including knowledge of current design and technological trends * Competency with Business Intelligence/Reporting solutions (e.g. Power BI) * Ability to design solutions involving Machine Learning and GenAI capabilities * Software Development foundation, with a focus on applying established design patterns to build robust, scalable, and maintainable web applications * Familiarity with CI/CD process setup and resource provisioning techniques, including Terraform/IaC principles * Experience in customer facing roles (incl. presales activities) and working in international team setup * Good organizational and priority management skills * Leadership and team player mindset * Higher degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field * Excellent English communication skills (written and spoken)What Will Set You Apart: * Technical certifications * Project or team management experienceMissing one or two of these qualifications? We still want to hear from you! Ifyou bring a positive mindset, we'll provide an environment where you feel valuedand empowered to learn and grow.We offer: * Stable employment. On the market since 2008, 1500+ talents currently on board in 7 global sites. * “Office as an option” model. You can choose to work remotely or in the office. * Workation. Enjoy working from inspiring locations in line with our workation policy. * Great Place to Work® certified employer. * Flexibility regarding working hours and your preferred form of contract. * Comprehensive online onboarding program with a “Buddy” from day 1. * Cooperation with top-tier engineers and experts. * Unlimited access to the Udemy learning platform from day 1. * Certificate training programs. Lingarians earn 500+ technology certificates yearly. * Upskilling support. Capability development programs, Competency Centers, knowledge sharing sessions, community webinars, 110+ training opportunities yearly. * Grow as we grow as a company. 76% of our managers are internal promotions. * A diverse, inclusive, and values-driven community. * Autonomy to choose the way you work. We trust your ideas. * Create our community together. Refer your friends to receive bonuses. * Activities to support your well-being and health. * Social fund benefits for everyone. All Lingarians can apply for social fund benefits, such as vacation co-financing. * Plenty of opportunities to donate to charities and support the environment. * Modern office equipment. Purchased for you or available to borrow, depending on your location.Show more Show less