# Principal Software Engineer

**Company:** SERVICETITAN
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 41 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Ready to be a Titan?We’re looking for someone to lead all technical aspects of an engineering teamat ServiceTitan. You must have a strong background in responsive web applicationdevelopment, building distributed systems for scale, and a proven ability todeliver technical leadership and strong process management.We make a huge impact on thousands of companies in the U.S. and abroad byenabling them to be more efficient and effective at running their business. Manyof the features we offer — in particular, Machine Learning and AI-drivenscheduling and dispatch automation — are light-years ahead of what currentlyexists on the market, and we love to hold this position. We are quality minded,use the most modern tools on .NET platform, have an amazing culture, love tosolve complex problems, and embrace learning, exploration and growth.. If youshare the same values, we’d like to talk to you!What you'll do: * Own: Own from end to end the short and long term technical vision and execution of your area. * Design & Revamp: Design, implement and improve critical systems and components powering ServiceTitan stack; improve the security, availability, reliability, and performance of our products; drive/participate in all major architectural and strategic decisions especially those relating to scale * Improve Efficiency: Build tools to increase efficiency of all our engineers; improve performance, processes, and quality across the whole engineering team * Discover: Identify opportunities to extract or develop systems beneficial for multiple teams * Empower: Mentor and guide Engineers across engineering as a whole * 60% development / 40% working on everything else * Strategy: Contribute to the roadmap and resource planning * Measure Success: Determine metrics for success and constantly measure them * Collaborate: Communicate effectively with cross-functional teams, engineers, Product Managers, customers, and partners What you'll need: * 15+ years of industry experience, including with large scale enterprise web/SaaS applications * 5 years of experience in a technical leadership role leading project teams and setting technical direction. * 7 years of experience with design and architecture, and testing/launching software products. * B.S., M.S. or PhD in Computer Science, Engineering or a related technical field. * Deep technical expertise in building large-scale distributed systems. * Some knowledge and prior experience with Applied AI/ML systems. * Ability to communicate and collaborate effectively to create a shared sense of vision or purpose cross-team and cross-functionality. What you'll bring: * Proven ability to deliver products and experience with the full software development lifecycle * Solid foundation in data structures, algorithms, and software design with strong analytical and debugging skills * Demonstrated ability to write great code using C#, Java, or similar OO languages and experience with scripting languages such as Python. * Hands-on experience working with cloud technologies (Azure, AWS, GCP). * Strong knowledge of databases, NoSQL, vector, storage and distributed persistence technologies. * Strong troubleshooting and performance tuning skills. * Performance / reliability monitoring tools (e.g. ElasticSearch, DataDog, Prometheus etc) * Experience with Git, Docker, CI/CD, RESTful web services, etc. * Familiarity with LLM and agent frameworks (e.g. (e.g. orchestrating LLMs, multi-agent systems, agentic orchestration, retrieval, memory infrastructures). * Taking existing monolithic applications to a domain based, service-driven paradigm * Written and verbal communication skills with the ability to present complex information in a clear, concise manner to all audiences * Ability to empathize with our users and champion their experience. Be Human With Us:Being human isn’t about checking every box on a list. It’s about the experienceswe have, people we meet, and the perspectives we share. So, if you have theskills but are hesitant to apply because of your background, apply anyway. Weneed amazing people like you to help us challenge the conventional and thinkdifferently about the problems that we’re solving. We’re in this together. Comebe human, with us.What We Offer:When you join our team, you’re not just accepting a job. You’re making a careermove. Here’s how we’ll support you in doing some of the most impactful work ofyour career: * Flextime, recognition, and support for autonomous work: Flexible time off with ample learning and development opportunities to continue growing your career. We offer a comprehensive onboarding program, leadership training for Titans at all levels, and other programs and events. Great work is rewarded through Bonusly, peer-nominated awards, and more. * Holistic health and wellness benefits: Company-paid medical, dental, and vision (with 100% employer paid options and 90% coverage for dependents), FSA and HSA, 401k match, and telehealth options including memberships to One Medical. * Support for Titans at all stages of life: Parental leave and support, up to $20k in fertility services (i.e. IUI and IVF), surrogacy, and adoption reimbursement, on demand maternity support through Maven Maternity, free breast milk shipping through Maven Milk, pet insurance, legal advisory services, financial planning tools, and more. At ServiceTitan, we celebrate individuality and uniqueness. We believe that theconvergence of fresh perspectives and experiences from all walks of life is whatmakes our product and culture so great. We strongly encourage people fromunderrepresented groups to apply. We do not discriminate against employees basedon race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity or expression,age, disability, pregnancy (including childbirth, breastfeeding, or relatedmedical condition), genetic information, protected military or veteran status,sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal,state or local laws.ServiceTitan is committed to fair and equitable compensation for all of ouremployees. We thoughtfully consider a wide range of factors when determiningindividual compensation.The expected salary range for this role for candidatesresiding in the United States is between $244,000 USD - $326,400 USD.Compensation for candidates residing outside the United States will vary bylocation and the specific salary range will be discussed during the hiringprocess. Actual compensation for an individual may vary depending on skills,performance over time, qualifications, experience, and location. In addition tothe base salary, the total compensation package also includes an annual bonus,equity and a holistic suite of benefits.Show more Show less