# Sr. Software Engineer, Data & AI Platform

**Company:** BETTERWORKS
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 48 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Envision yourself here!Betterworks is on a journey to transform how HR technology buyers think aboutgoal setting, performance management, and employee engagement. We support someof the world’s largest enterprises in goal setting and performance enablement,and we’ve only just begun.About BetterworksBetterworks is HR software to align, develop, and activate your workforce forbusiness growth. Organizations are able to replace outdated, ineffective,universally loathed annual review processes with powerful Continuous PerformanceManagement programs that help managers be better at the conversations, coaching,and development necessary to inspire and motivate the entire workforce toachieve an organization's top priorities today and be ready for tomorrow'schallenges.The OpportunityBetterworks' mission is to build solutions that motivate and delight employees.We are working with some of the world’s leading companies to disrupt the talentmanagement space with next-generation talent and performance managementsolutions.Join our Data & AI Platform team as a Sr. Software Engineer and play a key rolein shaping the future of our AI platform.As a Sr. Software Engineer, Data & AI Platform at Betterworks, you'll have asignificant impact, collaborating closely with design, engineering, and productteams to build and scale a world-class Data and Generative AI platform. We'relooking for someone who possesses deep expertise in platform engineering, apassion for crafting robust and scalable data and AI infrastructure, and theability to contribute to a high-performing team.What You Will Do * Design, develop, and enhance core features of our data and AI platform, focusing on robust, scalable, and resilient cloud distributed services and architecture. * Champion best practices in platform engineering, including CI/CD, testing, and observability for data and AI-specific workloads. Experience with GitHub Actions is a plus. * Proactively identify and troubleshoot performance bottlenecks and infrastructure challenges within the AI platform, ensuring optimal application performance and reliability. * Contribute to the evolution of our platform architecture, exploring and evaluating new technologies and approaches in Data pipelines, self-hosting, and self-managing Generative AI, LLMOps, and scalable distributed systems. * Possess deep experience with Observability tools for logging, tracing, monitoring, alertings and dashboards like New Relic, Prometheus, and Grafana. * Leverage deep expertise in containerization and orchestration technologies, specifically Kubernetes and Docker, to manage and scale the AI infrastructure. * Collaborate closely with product managers, data scientists, and engineering stakeholders to translate Generative AI and platform requirements into detailed technical specifications. * Mentor and guide junior engineers, fostering a collaborative and supportive team environment focused on platform excellence. * Stay up-to-date with emerging technologies and trends in Data & AI platform development and Generative AI, sharing your knowledge with the team. * Knowledge of advanced Gen AI concepts including; embedding, Vector DBs, Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG), Fine-tuning, Inference optimization, evaluation, guardrails, Model Context Protocol (MCP) clients/servers, and Agentic AI is a significant plus.What You Bring * Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field. * 5-8 years of professional experience in software development, with a strong focus on backend or platform engineering. * Deep expertise in Python (must have) and other modern languages, Typescript or Go, and experience building complex, scalable microservice-based or event-driven backend systems. * Proven hands-on experience with AWS services is essential, especially for large-scale, high-performance workloads. * Strong understanding of backend architecture patterns and best practices for building scalable and maintainable applications (Microservices, Integrations, Observability). * Experience or strong interest in Generative AI, Operations (MLOps), and developing components like RAG, Inference services, and Evaluation pipelines. * Familiarity with event-driven architecture (EDA), message queues and asynchronous processing (Kafka, RabbitMQ). * Experience with backend frameworks and technologies: FastAPI, NestJS, Postgres etc. * Proficiency in writing unit, integration, and end-to-end tests for platform applications. * Excellent problem-solving and debugging skills for complex distributed systems. * Strong communication and collaboration skills, with an ability to lead technical discussions and projects. * Experience using AI-powered development tools (GitHub Copilot, MCP servers, AI IDEs) to enhance productivity and code quality is a plus. * Self-motivation to explore the new AI technologies from experimentation to production at scale.What We All DoAll employees are required to participate in information security awareness andtraining programs.All employees are responsible for handling data in accordance with dataclassification and handling guidelines. Employees should be aware of thesensitivity of the data they interact with and follow appropriate securitymeasures.All employees have a responsibility for reporting information security incidentsin accordance with information security policies and procedures.All employees share the responsibility of being aware of information securityrisks and adhering to information security policies and procedures.What Makes Betterworks UniqueAt Betterworks, we prioritize our people. In that spirit, we’ve put together agreat benefits program to support our employees’ health and wellness thatincludes the following:» Leadership: CEO Doug Dennerline is truly a mission-driven leader. He has beena sales leader for over 25 years and has a direct impact on the work people doevery day.» Funding: $129 million, Serious B with top-tier investors, including KleinersPerkins, Emergence Capital, and 8VC.» Board of Directors: Since the beginning of Betterworks, our board includesindustry icons such as John Doerr (who introduced OKRs to Google), Bruce Felt(Founder of Renaissance Software and a trusted advisor to numerous private andpublic companies), Bing Gordon (Renowned Technology Venture Capitalist withexperience on boards like Amazon, Duolingo and Zynga) and Jason Green (Founderof Emergence Capital and Greenbridge Foundation).» Perks: 100% paid Medical/Vision/Dental for employees, Flexible time off,Parental Paid Leave policy, monthly internet stipend, flex days, and more.» Product: Selected by Lighthouse Research & Advisory and UNLEASH America,Betterworks has officially been named a 2025 HR Tech Award winner for BestComprehensive Talent Management Solution. Also, Betterworks wins Newsweek's AIImpact Award for Best Outcomes in HR, 2025.» Mission Driven: Our mission is to provide the expertise and technology thatcompanies need to inspire, develop, and activate their workforce to meet today’sgoals and be ready for tomorrow’s challenges.We are an equal-opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We donot discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender,sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Betterworks. We believe thatdifferent perspectives lead to better ideas, and better ideas allow us to betterunderstand the needs and interests of our diverse, global BetterWorks Community.We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, andperspectives, and are an equal-opportunity employer.Show more Show less