# Data Engineering Lead

**Company:** ARINE
**Location:** 
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Based in San Francisco, Arine is a rapidly growing healthcare technology andclinical services company with a mission to ensure individuals receive thesafest and most effective treatments for their unique and evolving healthcareneeds.Frequently, medications cause more harm than good. Incorrect drugs and dosescosts the US healthcare system over $528 billion in waste, avoidable harm, andhospitalizations each year. Arine is redefining what excellent healthcare lookslike by solving these issues through our software platform (SaaS). We combinecutting edge data science, machine learning, AI, and deep clinical expertise tointroduce a patient-centric view to medication management, and develop anddeliver personalized care plans on a massive scale for patients and their careteams.Arine is committed to improving the lives and health of complex patients thathave an outsized impact on healthcare costs and have traditionally beendifficult to identify and address. These patients face numerous challengesincluding complicated prescribing issues across multiple medications andproviders, medication challenges with many chronic diseases, and patient issueswith access to care. Backed by leading healthcare investors and collaboratingwith top healthcare organizations and providers, we deliver recommendations andfacilitate clinical interventions that lead to significant, measurable healthimprovements for patients and cost savings for customers.Why is Arine a Great Place to Work?:Outstanding Team and Culture - Our shared mission unites and motivates us to doour best work. We have a relentless passion and commitment to the innovationrequired to be the market leader in medication intelligence.Making a Proven Difference in Healthcare - We are saving patient lives, andenabling individuals to experience improved health outcomes, includingsignificant reductions in hospitalizations and cost of care.Market Opportunity - Arine is backed by leading healthcare investors and wasfounded to tackle one of the largest healthcare problems today. Non-optimizedmedications therapies which cost the US 275,000 lives and $528 billion annually.Dramatic Growth - Arine is managing more than 18 million lives across prominenthealth plans after only 4 years in the market, and was ranked 236 on the 2024Inc. 5000 list and was named the 5th fastest-growing company in the AI category.The Role:The Data Engineering Lead is a pivotal hybrid role within the Data Engineeringteam, combining hands-on development with leadership responsibilities. Thisindividual will lead a squad of Data Engineers to deliver high-quality,high-velocity customer data pipelines while maintaining existing ones. The DataEngineering Lead owns end-to-end delivery including project management, dataquality, and timelines and is accountable for both team output and their ownindividual contributions. This role requires consistently high standards in bothcoding and execution.What You'll be Doing: * Collaborate with the Implementation and Data Analyst team to review and own DE requirement write-ups, ensuring they fully address data needs discussed in implementation calls. * Communicate timelines for deliverables to unblock Data Engineers for ETL pipeline development. * Proactively flag risks to timelines or quality to stakeholders and project managers. * Lead backlog grooming for implementation-related tickets. * Ensure team cross-coverage: both the DE Lead and assigned Data Engineer should understand the full ETL flow, with at least two additional engineers familiar at a high level. * Conduct thorough peer reviews and DE UATs after initial UAT completion. * Design and maintain data transformation pipelines using dbt, including utilizing core concepts like macros, incremental models and dbt tests * Work with QA and CSA teams to resolve post-UAT issues and update the DE UAT checklist. * Provide technical guidance and mentorship to junior engineers, and promote best practices and coding standards. * Identify and escalate inefficiencies within and across teams. * Support project management and provide leadership to peers as needed. * Author and support high-quality technical documentation, assisting junior engineers in doing the same. * Collaborate with the DE Manager to report on DE contractor performance issues. Who You Are and What You Bring: * 6+ years of experience working with Data * Experience leading a team of up to 3 Engineers * Experience creating an automated ETL process using Python and DBT SQL * Hands on experience with modern data technologies and comfortable leveraging AI coding assistants to accelerate development, improve code quality, and enhance productivity. * Experience with data processing, validation, cleaning, and debugging data sets * Experience with building production grade ETL pipelines using dbt (including macros, incremental and Python models and testing) * A demonstrable and deep understanding of healthcare /healthcare claims data * Experience with processing large data sets (over 10 GB) * Excellent verbal and written communication skills Remote Work Requirements: * An established private work area that ensures information privacy * A stable high-speed internet connection for remote work * This role is remote, but you will be required to come to on-site meetings multiple times per year. This may be in the interview process, onboarding, and team meetings Perks:Joining Arine offers you a dynamic role and the opportunity to contribute to thecompany's growth and shape its future. You'll have unparalleled learning andgrowth prospects, collaborating closely with experienced Clinicians, Engineers,Software Architects, and Digital Health Entrepreneurs.The posted range represents the expected salary for this position and does notinclude any other potential components of the compensation package (includingbonus and equity), benefits, and perks. Ultimately, the final pay decision willconsider factors such as your experience, job level, location, and otherrelevant job-related criteria. The salary range for this position is:$150,000-170,000/year.Job Requirements: * Ability to pass a background check * Must live in and be eligible to work in the United States Information Security Roles and Responsibilities:All staff at Arine are expected to be part of its Information SecurityManagement Program and undergo periodic training on Information SecurityAwareness and HIPAA guidelines. Each user is responsible to maintain a secureworking environment and follow all policies and procedures. Upon hire, eachperson is assigned and must complete trainings before access is granted fortheir specific role within Arine.Arine is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to creating a diverseand inclusive workplace where all employees are treated with fairness andrespect. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, color,religion, gender, sexual orientation, age, disability, or any other legallyprotected status. Our hiring decisions and employment practices are based solelyon qualifications, merit, and business needs. We encourage individuals from allbackgrounds to apply and join us in our mission.Check our website at https://www.arine.io. This is a unique opportunity to joina growing start-up revolutionizing the healthcare industry!Job Offers: Arine uses the arine.io domain and email addresses for all officialcommunications. If you received communication from any other domain, pleaseconsider it spam.Note to Recruitment Agencies: We appreciate your interest in finding talent forArine, but please be advised that we do not accept unsolicited resumes fromrecruitment agencies. All resumes submitted to Arine without a prior writtenagreement in place will be considered property of Arine, and no fee will be paidin the event of a hire. Thank you for your understanding.Show more Show less