# AI Senior Fullstack Engineer

**Company:** CONTENTSQUARE
**Location:** 
**Score:** 44 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Contentsquare is the all-in-one experience intelligence platform designed to beeasily used by anyone who cares about digital journeys. With our flexible andscalable platform, organizations quickly get a deep understanding of theircustomers’ whole online journey.We are a global leader in the experience analytics space, with a growingpresence across 15 offices worldwide. We’re here to stay—and we’re looking forteam members who are excited to drive impact and help us scale even further.Our aim is to create an inclusive workplace where everyone learns and succeeds.Contentsquare has built a community of individuals who are daring,understanding, and deliberate. We invite you to join us in making the complexsimpler—for our customers, their customers, and each other.Important note: Be careful of scammers pretending to be from Contentsquare. Wewill never ask for money or contact you through random texts. For moreinformation, visit our careers blog.Please read: * This is a software engineering role. We are looking for applicants with minimum 8 years of software engineering experience, with a particular background in TypeScript. While we are building software on top of LLMs, this is not a machine learning role. * This role is remote (France, Spain, Italy, Poland, Germany) but can also be office-based (hybrid) in Barcelona, Paris, Milan, Munich or Cairo. We're looking for a Senior Fullstack Engineer (Applied AI) to join one ofseveral exciting product initiatives currently in progress that leverage thelatest in AI, particularly using Large Language Models (LLMs). One exampleproject is extending our AI CoPilot product (currently only available in Heap)to more surfaces, allowing users without expertise in product or digitalexperience analytics to answer their questions simply by asking them.We are moving rapidly to leverage LLMs to reduce time to insight, make setupeasier, and much more.As our next Senior Software Engineer (Applied AI), you will be focused onproduct development, with a side of early product iteration. For example, weexpect engineers to participate in user interviews as we validate producthypotheses.This is an exciting opportunity to work in a “startup within the startup.” Wemove quickly from idea to proof of concept to interview to product, ensuringthat what we build provides actual value to our customers.As LLMs and the related technologies are growing and changing rapidly, we areenthusiastic about new ideas and libraries but discerning – what we build isfoundational.We're a distributed team that operates across the US and Europe. We're open tohiring the right person anywhere within the US East Coast time zone or Europe.What We’re Looking For * Desire to work in a fast-paced development environment where the customer is in the loop. We prefer to fail fast and start over than to learn too late that we’ve built the wrong thing. * Extensive fullstack web application development experience (8+ years), preferably in a data-related industry * Strong opinions, weakly held about how to evaluate the performance of an LLM-based application * Experience bringing an application built on top of LLMs from inception to market * Ability to iterate/prototype rapidly to answer data-related using LLMs (and other ML when appropriate) * Awareness of what LLMs are good at, what they’re not good at, and how to navigate this * Familiarity with various LLM providers and their relative tradeoffs * Familiarity with a variety of LLM models and their relative tradeoffs * Our product tech stack is primarily Typescript, with a variety of front-end frameworks (React, Vue, Node...) Why you should join ContentsquareWe invest in our people through career development, mentorship, social events,philanthropic activities, and competitive benefits. We are always assessing theperks we offer to ensure we’re aligned with the employees' needs.Here are a few we want to highlight: * Virtual onboarding, Hackathon, and various opportunities to interact with your team and global colleagues both on and offsite each year * Work flexibility: hybrid and remote work policies * Generous paid time-off policy (every location is different) * Immediate eligibility for birthing and non-birthing parental leave * Wellbeing and Home Office allowances * A Culture Crew in every country we’re based in to coordinate regular activities for employees to get to know each other and bond outside of work * Every full-time employee receives stock options, allowing them to share in the company’s success * We have multiple Employee Resource Groups, that offer a safe space for individuals who share common identities, life experiences, or allyship to connect, support one another, and passionately advocate for the issues close to their hearts * And more benefits tailored to each country Contentsquare is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants willreceive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity orexpression, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin,disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protectedby law.Your personal data is used by Contentsquare for recruitment purposes only. Readour Job Candidate Privacy Notice to find out more about data protection atContentsquare and your rights. You can exercise your rights by using ourdedicated Data Subject Rights Portal here .Your personal data will be securely stored in our hosting provider’s data centerin Oregon (US west). We have implemented appropriate transfer mechanisms underapplicable data protection laws.Show more Show less