# Senior Software Engineer, Analytics

**Company:** BAYESIAN HEALTH
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

In Brief * We’re an early-stage startup on a mission to make healthcare proactive by empowering physicians, nurses, and care team members with real-time data to save lives. * You will lead the development of our clinical AI/ML product analytics infrastructure, frameworks, and tools to enable our client success, product, clinical, and technology teams to uplevel our decision making through better insights. Who We AreBayesian Health’s mission is to improve patient outcomes by empoweringclinicians with the insights they need to make the right decision for the rightpatient at the point-of-care. We’re a diverse team of clinicians, engineers,machine learning experts, product designers, and performance improvement leaderscommitted to enabling smarter, patient-specific care delivery through unlockingthe power of data.We’re funded by top tier tech and biotech investors: Obvious Ventures,Andreessen Horowitz, American Medical Association’s venture arm, CatalioPartners, and LifeForce Capital. Our company has won many awards; most recentrecognitions include: Forbes AI Top 50, World Economic Forum Tech Pioneer, TimeBest Inventions, BioTech AI Company of the Year.Read more about our recent publication in Nature Medicine that associates ourproducts with lives saved.What You'll DoAs a Senior Software Engineer, Analytics, you will work closely with clientsuccess, product managers, clinicians, data scientists, and other softwareengineers to build infrastructure, frameworks, and tools to improve clientanalytics, facilitate clinical case reviews, and support product investigation.This role is crucial to provide internal visibility into product performancethat will drive expansion of our clinical AI/ML module offerings and revenuegrowth.Responsibilities * Product performance monitoring and optimization: Partner with client success and clinical product subject matter experts to implement the infrastructure, queries, and automation to monitor the KPIs and success metrics of our products across multiple clinical domains and clients. * Clinical case review and investigation: Build frameworks and tools to empower our clinical team to independently review and investigate clinical cases reported by our clients and identify cases with certain criteria that need further evaluation. * Data platform and analytics technical foundations: Propose and implement foundational improvements and innovations to boost our data platform scalability with expanding products and clients and uplevel our team analytics capabilities. * Drive product analytics development cross-functionally: Work closely with Client Success, Clinical, Product, Data Science, and Engineering to drive alignment on product analytics at the company level. Minimum Qualifications * BS in Computer Science or other relevant technical discipline. * 5+ years of experience in building scalable, secure analytics infrastructure and tools on a cloud platform (preferably AWS) to produce monitoring metrics and investigational data from complex data models and queries for live products and customers. * Proficient in Python and SQL. * Deep knowledge in modern data and analytics technologies, such as cloud-based data warehouses, transformation frameworks (e.g. dbt), workflow orchestration tools, and BI tools like Tableau or Quicksight, and keen ability to integrate with existing infrastructure to enhance capabilities. * Experience working with sensitive data that contains PHI/PII. * Excellent communication skills and a proven ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams (data science, product, clinical) to translate requirements into robust technical solutions Preferred Qualifications * Experience in leveraging LLMs in distributed data processing and analytics systems. * Experience building analytics technology for clinical/health data. * Experience handling ambiguity and uncertainty in a startup. Bayesian Health provides equal employment opportunities to all employees andapplicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of anytype without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin,disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation,gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal,state or local laws.This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, includingrecruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer,leaves of absence, compensation and training.Show more Show less