# Staff Software Engineer

**Company:** MYGWORK - LGBTQ+ BUSINESS COMMUNITY
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 40 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

This job is with GitHub, an inclusive employer and a member of myGwork – thelargest global platform for the LGBTQ+ business community. Please do not contactthe recruiter directly. About GitHubGitHub is the world's leading platform for agentic software development -powered by Copilot to build, scale, and deliver secure software. Over 180million developers, including more than 90% of the Fortune 100 companies, useGitHub to collaborate, and more than 77,000 organisations have adopted GitHubCopilot.LocationsIn this role you can work from Remote, United StatesOverviewGitHub is the home for software development, where developers collaborate tobuild the world’s leading AI-powered developer platform.In the GitHub Code Scanning team, we are passionate about making the world’ssoftware - both Open Source and Enterprise - secure and high quality. We believethat the best way to accomplish this is to detect security and quality issuesearly in the development process, and actively facilitate their remediation aspart of the developer workflow.Our team develops and operates the Code Scanning and Code Quality products thatare part of GitHub’s Code Security offering. We use world-class static analysisresearch and technology to deeply analyze code, enabling the early detection ofsecurity vulnerabilities and other bugs that testing and day-to-day use havemissed. This role will be involved in the design, rollout and support of highlyperformant, highly scalable, and highly available services to makefound-means-fixed a reality leverage the power of agentic AI.ResponsibilitiesCome join our engineering team and help design, develop, and scale GitHub’s CodeScanning feature. You’ll be working in a full-stack agile engineering teamthat’s part of the larger Code Scanning group working in Security Products.You’ll work with and learn from Senior and Staff engineers as well as influenceteam and product direction. In addition, we support and reward spending time onimproving diversity, inclusion, and belonging, as well as other importantimprovement-work outside your core role as a software engineer.We are looking for creative problem solvers and diverse thinkers, people whocare about culture as well as customers and features. We believe that how we dothings is as important as what we do. Big vision, a common purpose, passion forquality, curiosity, dedication, and investment in fun and collaboration are whatlead to great results. Great products reflect the teams that build them.We work as a distributed group within a distributed company. The majority of ourteam members live in Europe and on the east coast of the US and Canada, andwhile we do have some offices, all our meetings are location-agnostic and happenonline. We operate with a high degree of autonomy and trust, and we have asignificant level of influence on the product and technical direction of CodeScanning, as well as the broader Security Products at GitHub. We value learning,introspection and reflection, and we’re always looking for ways to improve as ateam and as individuals, so candor and a culture that values the safety to speakup are highly important to us. * Design, develop, test and ship high-quality technical solutions that scale across multiple GitHub services and become intimately familiar with the systems you build and take pride in writing maintainable code. * Provide technical leadership, mentorship, pairing opportunities, and code reviews to encourage the growth of others; support teams in producing extensible and maintainable code, ensuring integration with downstream dependencies and adherence to quality standards. * Own and advocate for the health and quality of the systems that the team builds, including participating in on-call for first responder rotations and live incidents. * Write architecture briefs and proposals and carry out code experiments. * Design and implement APIs to facilitate seamless integration between software components. * Utilize CI/CD tools to set up automated pipelines for continuous integration and delivery. * Collaborate with cross-functional teams and partner with stakeholders and lead discussions for technical solutions, including design and cost considerations. * Create and guide others in 1) developing clear testing plans to assure solution quality, reliability, and performance; 2) defining success metrics; and 3) integrating customer feedback for continuous improvement - all while ensuring system architecture meets security and compliance standards. * Maintain executional and operational excellence within and potentially across teams/organizations. * Apply debugging tools and telemetry to verify assumptions, proactively resolve issues, and optimize code performance and maintainability. * Drive and support technical roadmap that aligns with product goals, ensuring that engineering efforts are strategically prioritized and incorporating the adoption of new technologies and methodologies where applicable. QualificationsRequired Qualifications * 9+ years' experience in software engineering, computer science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining and delivering production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, Go, Ruby, Rust, Python, JavaScript, C, C++, C#, Java, OR * Associate’s degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Math, Physics, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field AND 8+ years' experience in software engineering, computer science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining and delivering production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, Go, Ruby, Rust, Python, JavaScript, C, C++, C#, Java, OR * Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field AND 7+ years' experience in software engineering, computer science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining and delivering production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, Go, Ruby, Rust, Python, JavaScript, C, C++, C#, Java, OR * Master's degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Math, Physics, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field AND 5+ years' experience in software engineering, computer science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining and delivering production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, Go, Ruby, Rust, Python, JavaScript, C, C++, C#, Java, OR * Doctorate in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Math, Physics, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field AND 3+ years' experience in software engineering, computer science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining and delivering production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, Go, Ruby, Rust, Python, JavaScript, C, C++, C#, Java, * OR equivalent experience. Preferred QualificationsWe seek engineers who are passionate about quality, fostering good engineeringpractices and processes, and mentoring others. In addition, 5+ years ofexperience in any of the following areas would be considered beneficial: * Large scale system architecture and design, particularly in cloud-based environments with a strong understanding of systems and microservices * Building large Ruby on Rail, Go, and React applications and services * Developing with relational databases, distributed systems and operating software at scale * Site reliability engineering * Experience working closely with product management, design, and other engineering teams to drive cross-functional projects * Experience building end to end applications leveraging agentic AI Compensation RangeThe base salary range for this job is USD $140,400.00 - USD $372,300.00 /Yr.These pay ranges are intended to cover roles based across the United States. Anindividual's base pay depends on various factors including geographical locationand review of experience, knowledge, skills, abilities of the applicant. AtGitHub certain roles are eligible for benefits and additional rewards, includingannual bonus and stock. These rewards are allocated based on individual impactin role. In addition, certain roles also have the opportunity to earn salesincentives based on revenue or utilization, depending on the terms of the planand the employee's role.GitHub values * Customer-obsessed * Ship to learn * Growth mindset * Own the outcome * Better together * Diverse and inclusive Manager fundamentals * Model * Coach * Care Leadership principles * Create clarity * Generate energy * Deliver success Who We AreGitHub is the world's leading AI-powered developer platform with 150 milliondevelopers and counting. We're also home to the biggest open-source community onearth (and 99% of the world's software has open-source code in its DNA). Many ofthe apps and programs you use every day are built on GitHub.Our teams are dreamers, doers, and pioneers, leading the way in AI, drivinghumanitarian efforts around the globe, and even sending open source to Mars (andbeyond!). At GitHub, our goal is to create the space you need to do your bestwork. We're remote-first and offer competitive pay, generous learning and growthopportunities, and excellent benefits to support you, wherever you are-becausewe know that people flourish when they can work on their own terms.Join us, and let's change the world, together.EEO StatementGitHub is made up of people from a wide variety of backgrounds and lifestyles.We embrace diversity and invite applications from people of all walks of life.We don't discriminate against employees or applicants based on gender identityor expression, sexual orientation, race, religion, age, national origin,citizenship, disability, pregnancy status, veteran status, or any otherdifferences. Also, if you have a disability, please let us know if there's anyway we can make the interview process better for you; we're happy toaccommodate!]]>Show more Show less