# Senior Principal Software Engineer

**Company:** ORACLE
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 49 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Job DescriptionAt Multicloud Services organization, our mission is to support customer choice,transparency, and value when it comes to cloud infrastructure. We make it easyfor our customers to maximize the value of their Oracle investment as well asother clouds or on-premises infrastructure, and build highly distributed,scalable, and resilient Multicloud solutions to support their business.Responsible for engaging with strategic and more complex engineeringinitiatives, building leadership relationships at multiple levels withinorganizations to design and implement solutions. Implement solutions and ensuresuccessful deployments from Proof of Concept (POC) through production deploymentof services. Provides leadership and expertise in the development of newsolutions, products, and processes, and maintains expertise by staying currenton emerging technologies.Primary Skills: * Experience with LLMs and agentic frameworks (e.g., MCP, OpenAI, Cohere, LangChain, CrewAI). * Knowledge of RAG pipelines and vector DBs (e.g., 23ai, FAISS, Pinecone, Weaviate). * Familiarity with OCI Gen AI Services and model lifecycle workflows. * Solid Python and REST API skills. * Exposure to building autonomous agents and orchestration pipelines. * Experience working with cloud platforms like Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) and Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Big Data Service (BDS), and Big Data Appliance (BDA). * Proficiency in big data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, and NoSQL * Design and implement scalable, secure, and efficient complex big data architectures. * Manage and optimize large-scale databases. * Must have a solid understanding of networking concepts to design and optimize data transmission networks, configure network settings, and diagnose and resolve network-related issues. * Troubleshooting and problem-solving skills * Excellent communication and collaboration skills * Commitment to continuous learning and staying up-to-date with the latest big data technologies and trends ResponsibilitiesKey Responsibilities: * Collaborate across product, engineering, and field teams to address complex AI/ML architecture challenges and ensure customer success. * Partner with Engineering, region build, networking, and product to understand the pain points, identify areas of efficiency, and build AI/ML-centric data platforms * Provide strategic guidance on data strategy, model lifecycle management, and Gen AI deployment patterns * Partner across engineering teams to assess, design, and evolve end-to-end AI-centric data architectures across Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) and hybrid environments * Proactively recognize multicloud multi-year requirements, uncover unaddressed needs, and develop potential solutions across various customer groups. * Collaborating with cross-functional teams. * Prepare for complex product or solution-related inquiries or challenges that customers may present. * Promote understanding of customer complexities and the value propositions of various programs (e.g., speaking at different events, team meetings, product reviews) to key internal stakeholders. QualificationsDisclaimer:Certain US customer or client-facing roles may be required to comply withapplicable requirements, such as immunization and occupational health mandates.Range and benefit information provided in this posting are specific to thestated locations onlyUS: Hiring Range in USD from: $96,800 - $251,600 per year. May be eligible forbonus, equity, and compensation deferral.Oracle maintains broad salary ranges for its roles in order to account forvariations in knowledge, skills, experience, market conditions and locations, aswell as reflect Oracle’s differing products, industries and lines of business.Candidates are typically placed into the range based on the preceding factors aswell as internal peer equity.Oracle US offers a comprehensive benefits package which includes the following: * Medical, dental, and vision insurance, including expert medical opinion * Short term disability and long term disability * Life insurance and AD&D * Supplemental life insurance (Employee/Spouse/Child) * Health care and dependent care Flexible Spending Accounts * Pre-tax commuter and parking benefits * 401(k) Savings and Investment Plan with company match * Paid time off: Flexible Vacation is provided to all eligible employees assigned to a salaried (non-overtime eligible) position. Accrued Vacation is provided to all other employees eligible for vacation benefits. For employees working at least 35 hours per week, the vacation accrual rate is 13 days annually for the first three years of employment and 18 days annually for subsequent years of employment. Vacation accrual is prorated for employees working between 20 and 34 hours per week. Employees working fewer than 20 hours per week are not eligible for vacation. * 11 paid holidays * Paid sick leave: 72 hours of paid sick leave upon date of hire. Refreshes each calendar year. Unused balance will carry over each year up to a maximum cap of 112 hours. * Paid parental leave * Adoption assistance * Employee Stock Purchase Plan * Financial planning and group legal * Voluntary benefits including auto, homeowner and pet insurance The role will generally accept applications for at least three calendar daysfrom the posting date or as long as the job remains posted.Career Level - IC5About UsAs a world leader in cloud solutions, Oracle uses tomorrow’s technology totackle today’s challenges. We’ve partnered with industry-leaders in almost everysector—and continue to thrive after 40+ years of change by operating withintegrity.We know that true innovation starts when everyone is empowered to contribute.That’s why we’re committed to growing an inclusive workforce that promotesopportunities for all.Oracle careers open the door to global opportunities where work-life balanceflourishes. We offer competitive benefits based on parity and consistency andsupport our people with flexible medical, life insurance, and retirementoptions. We also encourage employees to give back to their communities throughour volunteer programs.We’re committed to including people with disabilities at all stages of theemployment process. If you require accessibility assistance or accommodation fora disability at any point, let us know by emailingaccommodation-request_mb@oracle.com or by calling +1 888 404 2494 in the UnitedStates.Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicantswill receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color,religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disabilityand protected veterans’ status, or any other characteristic protected by law.Oracle will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest andconviction records pursuant to applicable law.Show more Show less