# Sr. Software Engineer

**Company:** 6SENSE
**Location:** 
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Our Mission:6sense is on a mission to revolutionize how B2B organizations create revenue bypredicting customers most likely to buy and recommending the best course ofaction to engage anonymous buying teams. 6sense Revenue AI is the only sales andmarketing platform to unlock the ability to create, manage and converthigh-quality pipeline to revenue.Our People:People are the heart and soul of 6sense. We serve with passion and purpose. Welive by our Being 6sense values of Accountability, Growth Mindset, Integrity,Fun and One Team. Every 6sensor plays a part in deﬁning the future of ourindustry-leading technology. 6sense is a place where difference-makers roll uptheir sleeves, take risks, act with integrity, and measure success by the valuewe create for our customers.We want 6sense to be the best chapter of your career.6sense helps B2B marketing and sales organizations fully understand the complexbuyer journey. By combining intentsignals from every channel with the industry’s most advanced AI predictivecapabilities, it is finally possible to predictaccount demand and optimize demand generation in an ABM world.6sense Revenue AI™ helps B2B organizations eliminate guesswork to proceed withconfidence putting the power of AI,big data, and machine learning behind every member of the revenue teamYou are a Sr. Software Engineer, who is passionate about writing beautiful codeand building great products. You have anintuitive sense of the right tools and frameworks to use to solve a givenproblem. You are not afraid to traverse the entirespectrum of the development process from writing code and testing to deployingand managing your systems inproduction. You are smart but know that there is no substitute for hard work.You have good communication skills, a ‘cando’ entrepreneurial attitude, and a team-oriented mindset.Key Responsibilities * Develop backend & data engineering framework for 6sense’s revenue ai, marketing and analytics products * Work on complex problems related to scalability, performance & big data * Write performant REST APIs for both internal and external consumption * Build robust high-volume, large data set production applications * Collaborate with Product and Architect to solve complex problems * Support QA and DevOps teams with test frameworks and automation * Mentors junior engineers and provides technical guidance to the team Required Qualifications And Must-have Skills * BS/MS in Computer Science, or related fields * 5+ years of relevant technical experience * Solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design. * Experience with software design and development, with knowledge of UNIX/Linux. * Strong coding skills and hands on experience in Java on Spring Boot, Python on Django and OO framework. * Knowledge in SQL or Non-SQL, direct work experience on MySQL and/or Hive. * Working experience of SingleStore(memsql) DB is a huge plus. * Work with teams and being able to multi-task on multiple products and projects. * Excellent communication skills, both written and oral. * Experience with test-driven development, continuous integration, and continuous deployment processes Nice To Have Skills * Experience with DevOps i.e. rolling out and managing development, build, and production environments * Experience with CI/CD, tools like Jenkins, Bazel, DevOps for build. * Exposure to application security * Familiar with Node.JS * SQL, Non-SQL performance tuning * Exposure to design patterns, aspect oriented programming is a huge plus Interpersonal Attributes * You can work independently as well as part of a team * You take ownership of projects and drive them to conclusion * You’re a good communicator and are capable of not just doing the work, but teaching others and explaining the “why” * behind complicated technical decisions * You can present your architecture and designs to cross teams * You aren’t afraid to roll up your sleeves: This role will evolve over time, and we’ll want you to evolve with it! Base Salary Range: $175,389.38 - $233,852.50. The base salary range representsthe anticipated low and high end of the base salary range for this position.Actual salaries may vary and may be above or below the range based on variousfactors, including but not limited to work location and experience. The basesalary is one component of 6sense’s total compensation package for thisposition. Other compensation may include a bonus program or commission plan, andstock options if approved by 6sense’s board. In addition, 6sense provides avariety of benefits, including generous health insurance coverage, life, anddisability insurance, a 401K employer matching program, paid holidays, self-caredays, and paid time off (PTO).Notice of Collection and Use of Personal Information for California Residents:California Recruitment Privacy Notice and PolicyOur Benefits:Full-time employees can take advantage of health coverage, paid parental leave,generous paid time-off and holidays, quarterly self-care days off, and stockoptions. We’ll make sure you have the equipment and support you need to work andconnect with your teams, at home or in one of our oﬃces.We have a growth mindset culture that is represented in all that we do, fromonboarding through to numerous learning and development initiatives includingaccess to our LinkedIn Learning platform. Employee well-being is also top ofmind for us. We host quarterly wellness education sessions to encourage selfcare and personal growth. From wellness days to ERG-hosted events, we celebrateand energize all 6sense employees and their backgrounds.Equal Opportunity Employer:6sense is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers.Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard torace, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity,national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disabilitystatus. If you require reasonable accommodation in completing this application,interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing, or otherwise participatingin the employee selection process, please direct your inquiries tojobs@6sense.com.We are aware of recruiting impersonation attempts that are not affiliated with6sense in any way. All email communications from 6sense will originate from the@6sense.com domain. We will not initially contact you via text message and willnever request payments. If you are uncertain whether you have been contacted byan official 6sense employee, reach out to jobs@6sense.comShow more Show less