# Senior Staff Machine Learning Engineer, Communication & Connectivity

**Company:** AIRBNB
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 24 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their SanFrancisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomedover 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Everyday, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for gueststo connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will JoinWe connect Airbnb’s community with the right information, in the right place, atthe right time. We tailor Messaging & Notifications so hosts on Airbnb canstreamline their operations, and travelers get just the information they need toenjoy their stay worry-free.Additionally, we are building new connections within our community to helpenrich the experience of hosting & traveling on Airbnb: easing the process ofhosting, and adding meaning to our guest’s trips.The Difference You Will MakeWe believe our current customer experiences in these domains are only scratchingthe surface of the innovations that are possible, and that science is at theheart of delivering a step-function change for our Guest and and Host on Airbnb.You will architect and implement advanced machine learning solutions—includingrecommendation engines, ranking systems, intent detection models, and theintegration of intelligence into existing platforms. Additionally, you’ll leadefforts to harness the power of Large Language Models (LLMs) to createtransformative AI experiences.Many of the initiatives you’ll tackle are in their early conceptual stages. Youwill have the opportunity to shape these ideas from inception to production,turning visionary concepts into impactful realities. You will be leading ML,Data and Product engineers to drive ML applications.A core focus of your work will be spearheading Machine Learning applications inMessaging and Notification—a high-impact area with significant potential toenhance guest and host experiences at Airbnb.A Typical Day * Envision, champion, and support the development of novel ML systems, product integrations, and performance optimizations to solve real-world problems * Lead, mentor, challenge and grow enthusiastic, collaborative software engineers and applied scientists across the organization * Raise the AI/ML skillset within the organization. A passion for teaching/mentoring is important. Your Expertise * 12+ years of software engineering experience, with 2+ years of experience in a Principal or Senior Staff Engineer role having ownership responsibility over large-scale software systems * Background in the design and development of scalable AI and ML systems and services, and a deep passion for building ML-powered products * You’re an inspiring colleague, a coach and mentor with experience owning and fostering engineering maturity in multiple organizations. * You’re a builder, and implementer, who seeks out high impact work, and who is: proactive, curious, and an excellent communicator Your Location:This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work atan Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager.While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb,Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excludedstates. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if thestate you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed byanother Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you areeligible to work from.Our Commitment To Inclusion & BelongingAirbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. Webelieve diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attractcreatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions.All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interviewprocess. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonableaccommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at:reasonableaccommodations@airbnb.com. Please include your full name, the roleyou’re applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with therecruiting process.We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disabilityprevents you from being able to complete our online application.How We'll Take Care Of YouOur job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay isdependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, workexperience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject tochange and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible forbonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.Pay Range$244,000—$305,000 USDShow more Show less