# Data Engineering Manager - Data Architect

**Company:** EY
**Location:** 
**Score:** 85 (Tier C)
**Status:** N/A

---

At EY, we’re all in to shape your future with confidence. We’ll help you succeedin a globally connected powerhouse of diverse teams and take your careerwherever you want it to go.Join EY and help to build a better working world.Being part of EY in Greece means being part of a team which has been announcedas Top Employer for the third consecutive year, certified as a Great Place toWork for a second year in a row, and awarded as Best Workplace in ProfessionalServices & Consulting for the first time!At EY, we’ll develop you with future-focused skills and equip you withworld-class experiences through coaching and training programs as well as theuse of advanced technology and AI. We’ll fuel you and your extraordinary talentsin a diverse and inclusive culture of globally connected teamsJoin our continuously growing team, which employs over 2.600 professionals inGreece, to experience great flexibility under our hybrid operating model acrossour offices in Athens, Patras, and Thessaloniki and help to build a betterworking world.The opportunityModern technology produces more data than ever before, but also provides thetools to store, organize, analyze and share this data, resulting in newopportunities and substantiated business insights in support of new and deeperinsights and more informed decision making. EY delivers leading services andsolutions in the area of big data, business intelligence and data engineeringbuilt on a blend of tools and custom-developed methods.As part of our AI & Data team of the Technology Consulting practice, you willwork with multi-disciplinary teams to support clients in a wide range of datainitiatives aiming to generate and present new, useful and actionable insights.You will have the opportunity to work and take responsibilities in challengingengagements, gaining exposure to clients in various sectors both in Greece andabroad.Your Key Responsibilities * Participation in large-scale client engagements. * Leading the delivery of innovative and engaging data engineering solutions. * Mentoring and supervising teams. * Understanding of business and technical requirements, provision of subject matter expertise and implementation of data engineering techniques. * Conducting data discovery activities, performing root cause analysis and making recommendations for the remediation of data quality issues. * Putting into practice good organizational and time management skills, with the ability to prioritize and complete multiple complex projects under tight deadlines. To qualify for the role you must have: * A BSc or MSc degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering or other related, quantitative fields. * At least 4 years of relevant professional experience. * Experience in leading teams. * Experience in Data Warehouses and/or Big Data and/or Cloud. * Good knowledge of Data Management and DWH concepts. * Working experience with leading ETL tools. What We Look For * Strong analytical, problem solving and critical thinking skills. * Team building skills and ability to guide junior team members. * Advanced communication skills. * Desire to investigate and try-out new tools and technologies as they are released. * Ability to work under tight timelines across different projects. * Good interpersonal skills and ability to work effectively within high-performing teams. * Confidence to convey technical advice and guidance to clients. * Advanced technical writing skills in Greek and English (additional languages will be a plus). * Self-motivation and continuous development. What We Offer YouAbility to Shape your Future with Confidence by: * Developing your professional growth: * You'll have unlimited access to educational platforms, EY Badges and EY Degrees, alongside support for certifications. You will experience personalized coaching and feedback, and gain exposure to international projects, through our expansive global network, empowering you to define and achieve your own success. * Dive into our innovative GenAI ecosystem, designed to enhance your EY journey and support your career growth. These advanced AI tools will empower you to focus on higher-value work and meaningful interactions, enriching your professional experience like never before. Empowering your personal fulfilment: We focus on your financial, social, mentaland physical wellbeing. * Our competitive rewards package, depending on your experience, includes cutting-edge technological equipment, ticket restaurant vouchers, a private health and life insurance scheme, income protection and an exclusive EY benefits club card that provides a wide range of discounts, offers and promotions. * Our flexible working arrangement (hybrid model) is defined based on your own preferences and team’s needs, and we enjoy other initiatives such as summer short Fridays and an EY Day Off. * Our commitment to a sustainable way of operating, encourages volunteerism, promotes sustainable practices and offers opportunities for you to create a positive societal impact. * Our pride lies in working at EY as one of the most recognized employers in Greece through our multiple awards received over the last 3 years (Top Employer, Great Place to Work and Best Workplace in Professional Services & Consulting). * Fueling an inclusive culture: We prioritize a diverse, equitable and inclusive environment, where you’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs. Are you ready to shape your future with confidence? Apply today.To help create an equitable and inclusive experience during the recruitmentprocess, please inform us as soon as possible about any disability-relatedadjustments or accommodations you may need.EY | Building a better working worldEY is building a better working world by creating new value for clients, people,society and the planet, while building trust in capital markets.Enabled by data, AI and advanced technology, EY teams help clients shape thefuture with confidence and develop answers for the most pressing issues of todayand tomorrow.EY teams work across a full spectrum of services in assurance, consulting, tax,strategy and transactions. Fueled by sector insights, a globally connected,multi-disciplinary network and diverse ecosystem partners, EY teams can provideservices in more than 150 countries and territories.Show more Show less