# Senior Software Engineer- Big Data & Java

**Company:** POINTCLICKCARE
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

At PointClickCare our mission is simple: to help providers deliver exceptionalcare. And that starts with our people. As a leading health tech company that’sfounder-led and privately held, we empower our employees to push boundaries,innovate, and shape the future of healthcare.With the largest long-term and post-acute care dataset and a Marketplace of 400+integrated partners, our platform serves over 30,000 provider organizations,making a real difference in millions of lives. We also reinvest a significantpercentage of our revenue back into research and development, ensuring ouremployees have the resources to innovate and make a lasting impact. Recognizedby Forbes as a top private cloud company and honored as one of Canada’s MostAdmired Corporate Cultures, we offer flexibility, growth opportunities, andmeaningful work.At PointClickCare, we empower our people to be the architects of a smarterhealthcare future; one that is human-first and accelerated by AI to createmeaningful and lasting change. Employees harness AI as a catalyst forcreativity, productivity, and thoughtful decision-making. By integrating AItools into our daily workflows, collaboration is enhanced, outcomes areimproved, and every team member has the proficiency to maximize their impact. Itall starts with our hiring practices where we uncover AI expertise thatcomplements our mission, and we continue to invest in training and developmentto nurture innovation throughout the employee journey.Join us in redefining healthcare — so it doesn’t just survive, it thrives. Tolearn more about PointClickCare, check out Life at PointClickCare and connectwith us on Glassdoor and LinkedIn. * Travel to Office expectations** For Remote Roles: If this role is remote, there will be in-office events thatwill require travel to and from the Mississauga and/or Salt Lake City office.These will include, but not limited to, onboarding, team events, semi-annual andannual team meetings.For Hybrid Roles: If this role is Hybrid, there will be an expectation to residewithin commutable distance to the office/location specified in the job listing.This will include, but not limited to, weekly/bi-weekly/monthly events in theoffice with your specific team. This is a requirement for this role.What Your Day-to-day Will Look Like * Identify, prioritize and execute tasks in the software development life cycle. * Work with business to iterate over software requirements. * Develop tools and applications by producing clean, efficient code. * Automate tasks through appropriate tools and scripting. * Analyze and debug systems. * Perform validation and verification testing in a test-driven manner * Review the work of others, and invite others to review your work. * Collaborate with internal teams and vendors to fix and improve products. * Ensure software is up-to-date with latest technologies. * Work with distributed computing systems like Apache Hudi and Trino for big data processing. What Qualifications We’re Looking For * Experience with distributed computing tools like Apache Hudi, Trino, Map Reduce, Apache Spark, DataBricks and other big data technologies. * Experience with distributed storage systems like HDFS, S3, etc. * Familiarity with Hadoop, Spark, or other distributed computing systems. * Understanding of data partitioning and sharding techniques. * Knowledge of distributed computing principles and how they apply to large-scale data processing. * Experience writing clean code that performs well at scale using languages such as Java/Kotlin/C#/Go. * Experience in scripting languages such as Python. * Knowledge of relational databases (e.g. Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL). * Solid experience writing RESTful API endpoints. * Absolutely love TDD and have working knowledge of it. * Proficient in GIT. * Experience using system and performance monitoring tools (e.g. New Relic, DataDog). * Excellent organization, critical-thinking and personal leadership skills * Self-starter with the ability to deliver with minimal supervision. * Being okay with the uncomfortable feeling that comes from learning new things. * Team player. * Analytical mind with problem-solving aptitude. * Proven experience as a great Engineer. * BSc/BA in Computer Science or a related degree. Bonus Points For * Experience with distributed computing * Experience writing code/scripts in Python * Experience with Spring Boot. * Nice to have React, Selenium automation and cloud experience. * Experience with Docker, Kubernetes and Istio. * Experience with Ansible. * Experience with Jenkins CI/CD pipeline. * Linux and IP networking knowledge. * Experience with AWS/Azure cloud services or equivalent. * Experience with SAML, OAuth and OpenID Connect. * Experience working on a SaaS product. * Experience with Service Oriented Architecture. * Knowledge of scripting languages such as Python, Bash or Groovy. * On-call experience with production grade systems. * Has mentored others in a professional setting. * Generative AI Code Assistants - Use of Generative AI Code Assistants (e.g. Github Copilot) and knowledge of latest Generative AI Model capabilities would be an asset. PointClickCare Benefits & PerksBenefits starting from Day 1!Retirement Plan MatchingFlexible Paid Time OffWellness Support Programs and ResourcesParental & Caregiver LeavesFertility & Adoption SupportContinuous Development Support ProgramEmployee Assistance ProgramAllyship and Inclusion CommunitiesEmployee Recognition … and more!It is the policy of PointClickCare to ensure equal employment opportunitywithout discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, religion, nationalorigin, status, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression,marital or domestic/civil partnership status, disability, veteran status,genetic information, or any other basis protected by law. PointClickCarewelcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities.Accommodations are available upon request for candidates taking part in allaspects of the selection process. Please contact recruitment@pointclickcare.comshould you require any accommodations. As part of our commitment to astreamlined and equitable hiring experience, PointClickCare uses AI tools toassist with candidate screening and assessment.When you apply for a position, your information is processed and stored withLever, in accordance with Lever’s Privacy Policy. We use this information toevaluate your candidacy for the posted position. We also store this information,and may use it in relation to future positions to which you apply, or which webelieve may be relevant to you given your background. When we have no ongoinglegitimate business need to process your information, we will either delete oranonymize it. If you have any questions about how PointClickCare uses orprocesses your information, or if you would like to ask to access, correct, ordelete your information, please contact PointClickCare’s human resources team:recruitment@pointclickcare.comPointClickCare is committed to Information Security. By applying to thisposition, if hired, you commit to following our information security policiesand procedures and making every effort to secure confidential and/or sensitiveinformation.We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiringprocess, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessingresponses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace humanjudgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you wouldlike more information about how your data is processed, please contact us.At PointClickCare, base salary is one of the many components that make up ourtotal rewards package. The CAD base salary range for this position is $158,000-$176,000 (not overtime eligible) + bonus + benefits. Our salary ranges aredetermined by job and level. The range displayed on each job posting reflectsthe target for new hire salaries for the position across all CAD locations.Within the range, individual compensation is determined by job-related skillsand knowledge, relevant experience including professional and lived experience,and/or work location. Your recruiter can share more information about our totalrewards package during the hiring process.Show more Show less