# Product AI Engineering Lead (based in Poland)

**Company:** THE FRESH PRODUCTS EPZ LIMITED
**Location:** 
**Score:** 71 (Tier C)
**Status:** N/A

---

What Makes Us Unique At Cloudbeds, we're not just building software, we’re transforming hospitality.Our intelligently designed platform powers properties across 150 countries,processing billions in bookings annually. From independent properties to hotelgroups, we help hoteliers transform operations and uplevel their commercialstrategy through a unified platform that integrates with hundreds of partners.And we do it with a completely remote team. Imagine working alongside globalinnovators to build AI-powered solutions that solve hoteliers' biggestchallenges. Since our founding in 2012, we've become the World's Best Hotel PMSSolutions Provider and landed on Deloitte's Technology Fast 500 again in 2024 –but we're just getting started. How You'll Make an Impact:As a Staff Software Engineer, you will help deliver an exceptional productexperience to our customers all around the world. This could be for hotelguests, creating a user experience that makes travelers feel welcome,comfortable, and inspired to share the joy of travel with others. Or it could befor our accommodation providers, building trusted, simple, easy-to-use featuresto support key aspects of their daily business. Helping nearly 10,000 propertiesglobally to process billions in transactions every year.Our Payments Team:At Cloudbeds, our Payments tribe builds the systems that keep money movingsecurely, efficiently, and globally for thousands of our customers. We lovesolving complex, interconnected problems, integrating with global partner APIs,designing for compliance and security, and constantly iterating on better, morescalable payment solutions.Working on Cloudbeds Payments means joining a supportive, collaborative group ofengineers who are building the financial backbone of the industry, together.What You Bring to the Team: * Develop in the existing codebase using Java and PHP * Lead discussions on complex technical concepts and requirements with both technical and non-technical stakeholders. * Ownership mindset: You take responsibility for the quality and reliability of your contributions, collaborating closely with peers to design, build, and operate systems together. * Technical excellence: You write clean, maintainable, and well-tested code. Caring deeply about system quality, performance, and scalability. Assist in researching new technologies to ensure the best fit, quality, and outcome. * Security and compliance awareness: You understand the importance of PCI, data privacy, and secure-by-design principles in payment systems. * Continuous learning: You’re curious about how things connect across the platform, eager to learn from peers * Mentor to other engineers * Strategic thinking: You see beyond the task, understanding how architectural decisions impact scalability, costs, and long-term flexibility.What Sets You Up for Success: * 7+ years of web application software engineering experience of Java (Spring) * 3+ years of PHP (preferred) or other programming languages, ie. Python * 5+ years of production experience with PostgreSQL or MySQL, with a track record of optimizing database performance for high-volume applications * 3+ years of experience in designing and developing event-driven services * Hands-on experience with IaC (ArgoCD, Kubernetes, Terraform), AWS, Kafka * Experience in the Payments domain * Experience within an organization that focused on high availability, scalability, security, automation, and observability. * A strong business sense and ability to collaborate with leadership and non-technical stakeholders on highly visible projects. * Dedication towards observability by leveraging metrics, experiments, and prototypes to ensure decisions are data-driven. * Strong knowledge and a passion for software engineering best practices, design patterns, and automated testing.Bonus Skills to Stand Out (Optional): * Experience in engineering software for large-scale solutions, utilizing modern tooling to get you there, and Experience with large-scale Domain Driven Design * Solid understanding of secure software engineering with experience in regulated environments; familiarity with PCI-DSS, similar compliance frameworks preferred. * Experience working with a remote-first and globally distributed team Work Authorization:Please note that applicants must be currently authorized to work in the locationwhere the position is located without requiring visa sponsorship. At this time,Cloudbeds is unable to provide sponsorship for work visas. What to Expect - Your Journey with Us Behind Cloudbeds' revolutionary technology is a team of redefining what'spossible in hospitality. We're 650+ employees across 40+ countries, bringingtogether elite engineers, AI architects, world-class designers, and hospitalityveterans to solve challenges others haven't dared to tackle. Our diverse teamspeaks 30+ languages, but we all share one language: a passion for innovationand travel. From pioneering breakthroughs in machine learning to revolutionizinghow hotels operate, we're not just watching the future of hospitality unfold –we're coding it, designing it, writing it and shipping it. If you're ready towork alongside some of the brightest minds in tech who are obsessed with usingAI to transform a trillion-dollar industry, this is your chance to be part ofsomething extraordinary.Learn more online at cloudbeds.comCompany Awards to Check Out! * Best All-In-One Hotel Management System | HotelTechAwards (2025) * Overall 10 Best Places to Work | HotelTechAwards (2025) * Most Loved Workplace® Certified (2024) * Top 10 People’s Choice(2024) * Deloitte Technology Fast 500 (2024) Discover our Benefits: * Remote First, Remote Always * PTO in accordance with local labor requirements * 2 corporate apartment accommodations for team member use for free (San Diego & São Paulo) * Monthly Wellness Fridays - enjoy an extra long weekend every month * Full Paid Parental Leave * Home office stipend based on country of residency * Professional development courses in Cloudbeds University * Access to professional development, including manager training, upskilling and knowledge transfer.Everyone is Welcome - A Culutre of Inclusion Cloudbeds is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer that celebrates thediversity in our global team! We do not discriminate based upon race, religion,color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or relatedmedical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression,age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability,or other applicable legally protected characteristics.Cloudbeds is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. Aspart of this commitment, Cloudbeds will ensure that persons with disabilitiesare provided reasonable accommodations in the hiring process. We encourage deaf,hard of hearing, deaf-blind, and deaf-disabled individuals to apply. Ifreasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application orinterview process or to perform essential job functions, please contact our HRteam by phone at 858-201-7832 or via email at accommodations@cloudbeds.com.Cloudbeds will provide an American Sign Language (ASL) interpreter where neededas a reasonable accommodation for the hiring processes.To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only forindividuals seeking a job at Cloudbeds. Staffing, recruiting agencies, andindividuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this siteor to submit applications, and any such submissions will be consideredunsolicited. Cloudbeds does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications fromagencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Cloudbeds employees,or any other company location. Cloudbeds is not responsible for any fees relatedto unsolicited resumes/applications.Show more Show less