# Senior Software Engineer, Developer Experience Infrastructure

**Company:** REDDIT, INC.
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Reddit is a community of communities. It’s built on shared interests, passion,and trust, and is home to the most open and authentic conversations on theinternet. Every day, Reddit users submit, vote, and comment on the topics theycare most about. With 100,000+ active communities and approximately 116 milliondaily active unique visitors, Reddit is one of the internet’s largest sources ofinformation. For more information, visit www.redditinc.com.The mission of the Developer Experience team is to design, develop, and supporttools and processes that make common developer workflows efficient and reliable.As a senior engineer on this team, you’ll be immediately responsible forbuilding and driving a vision for our developer experience in multipleprogramming languages. You’ll draw on your technical expertise and leadershipskills to ensure our frameworks and developer tooling are cohesive and providemaximum value to an ever growing engineering organization. You’ll look for waysto bring in good ideas from other peers and also for opportunities to engagewith org, presenting and sharing the team’s accomplishments.Some Of Our Present And Future Challenges Include * Building a strong cloud development story for the entire company. * Re-envisioning our service frameworks and tooling integrations to increase developer efficiency, confidence, and service reliability. * Scaling our infrastructure and processes to serve a growing Reddit Engineering organization. * Creating on-demand environments for development and testing at scale. * Building release infrastructure that makes CI and CD easy. * Building a solid understanding of customer’s needs and identifying opportunities for improvements. * Investigating, building, and integrating novel technologies (e.g. Generative AI) to solve problems for our developers. What You’ll Do * Steer: Work with the team to select, scope, and drive high leverage projects that align with Reddit’s goals. * Build: Execute on a strategy and create a more performant, more scalable, higher quality architecture around developer experience, including service frameworks, development environments, version control, CI and deployment tooling. * Amplify: Mentor, coach, and collaborate with other technical contributors * Collaborate: Work together with a variety of cross functional teams across Reddit Engineering. * Evolve: Learn and improve your own technical and non-technical abilities. You Have * 5+ years of experience identifying and driving high impact projects that align with the company’s strategy. * 3+ years of industry experience in large-scale distributed systems. * 3+ years of Go experience. * 3+ years experience working on developer tools, libraries, and frameworks. * Experienced with GraphQL, REST, HTTP, gRPC, and the ability to design and implement maintainable APIs. * Strong experience with Kubernetes. * A track record of developing and improving highly scalable and reliable serving systems. * A track record of leading large scale projects that require cross-team and cross-functional collaboration. * High empathy, excellent communication skills, and the ability to influence decisions while working across the entire engineering org. * Strong focus on user experience, usability, scalability, and quality. * History of mentorship and technical leadership. Benefits * Comprehensive Healthcare Benefits and Income Replacement Programs * 401k with Employer Match * Global Benefit programs that fit your lifestyle, from workspace to professional development to caregiving support * Family Planning Support * Gender-Affirming Care * Mental Health & Coaching Benefits * Flexible Vacation & Paid Volunteer Time Off * Generous Paid Parental Leave Pay TransparencyThis job posting may span more than one career level.In addition to base salary, this job is eligible to receive equity in the formof restricted stock units, and depending on the position offered, it may also beeligible to receive a commission. Additionally, Reddit offers a wide range ofbenefits to U.S.-based employees, including medical, dental, and visioninsurance, 401(k) program with employer match, generous time off for vacation,and parental leave. To learn more, please visithttps://www.redditinc.com/careers/.To provide greater transparency to candidates, we share base pay ranges for allUS-based job postings regardless of state. We set standard base pay ranges forall roles based on function, level, and country location, benchmarked againstsimilar stage growth companies. Final offer amounts are determined by multiplefactors including, skills, depth of work experience and relevantlicenses/credentials, and may vary from the amounts listed below.The Base Pay Range For This Position Is$190,800—$267,100 USDIn select roles and locations, the interviews will be recorded, transcribed andsummarized by artificial intelligence (AI). You will have the opportunity to optout of recording, transcription and summarization prior to any scheduledinterviews.During the interview, we will collect the following categories of personalinformation: Identifiers, Professional and Employment-Related Information,Sensory Information (audio/video recording), and any other categories ofpersonal information you choose to share with us. We will use this informationto evaluate your application for employment or an independent contractor role,as applicable. We will not sell your personal information or disclose it to anythird party for their marketing purposes. We will delete any recording of yourinterview promptly after making a hiring decision. For more information abouthow we will handle your personal information, including our retention of it,please refer to our Candidate Privacy Policy for Potential Employees andContractors.Reddit is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and is committed tobuilding a workforce representative of the diverse communities we serve. Redditis committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individualswith disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If,due to a disability, you need an accommodation during the interview process,please let your recruiter know.Show more Show less