# Senior Data Platform Engineer

**Company:** SAMSARA
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Who We AreSamsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which isa platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations toharness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improvetheir operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency andsustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy.Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are theinfrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, fieldservices, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to helpdigitally transform their operations at scale.Working at Samsara means you’ll help define the future of physical operationsand be on a team that’s shaping an exciting array of product solutions,including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, andEquipment Monitoring. As part of a recently public company, you’ll have theautonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.About The RoleThe Integrations, Data Engineering and AI (IDEA) team within Samsara’s BusinessTechnology organization is looking for a Senior Data Platform Engineer to joinour team. We enable various teams at Samsara to leverage GenAI and data to gleaninsights and make data-driven decisions by delivering a reliable data platformand trustworthy data and analytics. We are a team that are passionate aboutleveraging quality data and AI to deliver a great customer experience. Our teampromotes an agile, collaborative, supportive environment where diverse thinking,innovative design, and experimentation is welcomed and encouraged.This role is open to candidates residing in the US except Alaska, Austin Metro,Boulder Metro, California, Chicago Metro, Connecticut, Dallas Metro, DenverMetro, Houston Metro, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, RhodeIsland, Seattle Metro, and Washington, D.C.You should apply if: * You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely. * You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won’t be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment. * You’re energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers. * You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-calibre team that will encourage you to do your best. In this role, you will:Databricks * Administer and monitor Databricks workspaces and underlying AWS Infra: develop platform admin tools and capabilities to effectively administer, monitor, track and troubleshoot various platform resources: (clusters, catalogs, users, groups, databases, storage and security). * Act as the primary Databricks SME, assisting and guiding teams on platform features and best practices. * Collaborate with data engineers, analysts, and data scientists to operationalize and optimize workflows and data pipelines. Infrastructure & DevOps * Oversee data-engineering dev ecosystem, including dev-tooling, CI/CD pipelines, and monitoring frameworks. * Own implementation and management of IaaC (Terraform, CloudFormation) and CI/CD automation for Databricks and AWS resources. * Ensure security, high availability, disaster recovery, and compliance across data services. * Incorporate DevOps best practices including automated testing, deployment, observability, and monitoring. Cross-Functional Collaboration & Enablement * Engage directly with internal cross-functional stakeholders to understand their data needs and design scalable solutions. * Collaborate with engineers, managers, and vendor representatives in evaluating new features and solutions. Lead rapid prototyping and proof-of-concepts to evaluate for performance, cost, security, scalability, observability. * Provide mentorship to junior team members, and provide technical guidance, training, and knowledge-sharing across teams. Minimum requirements for this role: * Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Sciences, Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or related discipline. * 10+ years experience in a Software Engineering, Platform Engineering, Data Engineering, DevOps/DataOps or similar technical role, including at least 2+ years experience in data infrastructure or platform focused role. * Experience building, delivery and administering large-scale production-grade data platforms and services to data engineering, business analyst and data-science teams. * Solid knowledge of Databricks features and administration, including Unity Catalog, cluster management, security, conducting troubleshooting and root-cause analysis, and performance optimization. * Experience and familiarity with AWS services and Cloud Infrastructure provisioning, management, monitoring, and security (e.g., S3, IAM, RDS, Lambda, API-Gateway, VPC, EC2, ECS/EKS). * Strong knowledge of SQL and Python, and hands-on data-engineering experience in designing and developing data pipelines and ETL routines from a variety of sources (SaaS corporate systems, APIs, RDBMS). * Skilled with change-data capture, incremental and batch loading techniques. Experienced in troubleshooting underlying issues and translating them into technical solutions. * Excellent problem-solving, communication, and stakeholder management skills. An ideal candidate also has: * Experience delivering and managing Databricks and AWS Infra for 100s of users. * Experience as a technical lead. * Knowledge of DevOps tools and practices: GitHub/GitLab, CI/CD systems, Terraform, monitoring/logging tools (e.g., Datadog, CloudWatch). * Experience implementing robust data governance and security measures to ensure data integrity and compliance. Samsara’s Compensation Philosophy: Samsara’s compensation program is designed todeliver Total Direct Compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that isat or above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable +restricted stock unit awards (RSUs) for eligible roles. For eligible roles, anew hire RSU award may be awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSUrefresh grants may be awarded annually.We pay for performance, and top performers in eligible roles may receiveabove-market equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve highermarket.The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position isbelow. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors includingyour city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.$125,545—$168,800 USDAt Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background. All qualifiedapplicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,color, religion, national origin, sex, gender, gender identity, sexualorientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, and othercharacteristics protected by law. We depend on the unique approaches of our teammembers to help us solve complex problems and want to ensure that Samsara is aplace where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.BenefitsFull time employees receive a competitive total compensation package along withemployee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, and much, much more.Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.AccommodationsSamsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equalopportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please emailaccessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonableaccommodations throughout the recruiting process.Flexible WorkingAt Samsara, we embrace a flexible working model that caters to the diverse needsof our teams. Our offices are open for those who prefer to work in-person and wealso support remote work where it aligns with our operational requirements. Forcertain positions, being close to one of our offices or within a specificgeographic area is important to facilitate collaboration, access to resources,or alignment with our service regions. In these cases, the job description willclearly indicate any working location requirements. Our goal is to ensure thatall members of our team can contribute effectively, whether they are workingon-site, in a hybrid model, or fully remotely. All offers of employment arecontingent upon an individual’s ability to secure and maintain the legal rightto work at the company and in the specified work location, if applicable.Fraudulent Employment OffersSamsara is aware of scams involving fake job interviews and offers. Please knowwe do not charge fees to applicants at any stage of the hiring process. Officialcommunication about your application will only come from emails ending in‘@samsara.com’ or ‘@us-greenhouse-mail.io’. For more information regardingfraudulent employment offers, please visit our blog post here.Show more Show less