# Senior Full Stack Engineer (Backend-Oriented) - PerfectScale by DoiT

**Company:** DOIT
**Location:** 
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

LocationOur Senior Full Stack Engineer will be an integral part of our Engineering teamsin EMEA. This role is based remotely as a full-time employee in the UK, Ireland,Estonia, Netherlands, Sweden, Israel. We are also open to contractors in EastEurope and Portugal.Who We AreDoiT is a global technology company that works with cloud-driven organizationsto leverage the cloud to drive business growth and innovation. We combine data,technology, and human expertise to ensure our customers operate in awell-architected and scalable state - from planning to production.Delivering DoiT Cloud Intelligence, the only solution that integrates advancedtechnology with human intelligence, we help our customers solve complexmulticloud problems and drive efficiency.With decades of multicloud experience, we have specializations in Kubernetes,GenAI, CloudOps, and more. An award-winning strategic partner of AWS, GoogleCloud, and Microsoft Azure, we work alongside more than 4,000 customersworldwide.About DoiT's PerfectScale PlatformDoiT offers PerfectScale, a pioneering Kubernetes optimization and managementsolution that empowers DevOps, SRE, and Platform Engineering teams to optimizecloud performance while minimizing costs. We combine advanced AI technology withSME-human expertise to help organizations achieve peak Kubernetes efficiency.The solution delivers a seamless onboarding experience, an intuitive UI, and apowerful autonomous optimization engine that ensures Kubernetes environments runefficiently with minimal human intervention.The OpportunityAs a Senior Full Stack Engineer (Backend-Oriented), you’ll help design, build,and scale the backend services that power PerfectScale’s data pipelines, APIs,and business logic.You’ll collaborate closely with product managers, frontend engineers, and DevOpsto deliver user-facing features built on robust, distributed systems.Responsibilities * Collaborate with product, devops, backend and frontend engineers to deliver elegant and well thought out solutions for complex problems * Implementing features. From the proposal through design and implementation to maintenance. You're expected to propose things that you think can be an excellent addition to the products * Write clean and maintainable code using engineering best practices, you will also ensure clean code and best practices while performing code reviews for your peers * Improving the health of the codebase. We’re mindful of accumulating technical debt. We dedicate one day per week to housekeeping * Providing feedback. The team plans and discusses the upcoming work. We provide feedback to each other, trying to find challenges and unknowns as early as possible Qualifications * Excellent communication skills in English, both written and verbal * 6+ years of Backend or Full Stack development experience * At least 3+ years of commercial Golang experience * 2+ years of experience with high traffic / high load distributed systems and data pipelines * Experience with Databases - relational and non-relational, including performance / schema / query optimization. ClickHouse and PostgresSQL are a big advantage. * Experience developing enterprise-grade SaaS products, microservices and containers * Experienced working with microservices and containers (Docker) * Experience and passion for distributed systems design and infrastructure * Familiarity with modern Devops frameworks and best practices - Docker, K8s, GitOps, CI/CD * A knack for benchmarking and optimization * Proactive, can do approach * Ability to effectively operate with flexibility in a fast-paced, constantly evolving team environment * Self-organized, Goal-oriented, self-motivated individual who is confident, thorough and tenacious Bonus Points * Hands on, production experience with K8S * Hands on, production experience with cloud (aws, azure, gcp) * Experience with data engineering - streaming and batch processing, spark, tryno, iceberg, clickhouse, parquet Are you a Do'er?Be your truest self. Work on your terms. Make a difference.We are home to a global team of incredible talent who work remotely and have theflexibility to have a schedule that balances your work and home life. We embraceand support leveling up your skills professionally and personally.What does being a Do’er mean? We’re all about being entrepreneurial, pursuingknowledge, and having fun! Click here to learn more about our core values.Sounds too good to be true? Check out our Glassdoor Page.We thought so too, but we’re here and happy we hit that ‘apply’ button.Benefits * Unlimited PTO * Flexible Working Options * Health Insurance * Parental Leave * Employee Stock Option Plan * Home Office Allowance * Professional Development Stipend * Peer Recognition Program Many Do'ers, One TeamDoiT unites as Many Do'ers, One Team, where diversity is more than a goal—it'sour strength. We actively cultivate an inclusive, equitable workplace,recognizing that each unique perspective enhances our innovation. By celebratingdifferences, we create an environment where every individual feels valued,contributing to our collective success.Show more Show less