# Senior Software Engineer, Migration Tools

**Company:** GITHUB
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

About GitHubGitHub is the world’s leading platform for agentic software development —powered by Copilot to build, scale, and deliver secure software. Over 180million developers, including more than 90% of the Fortune 100 companies, useGitHub to collaborate, and more than 77,000 organisations have adopted GitHubCopilot.LocationsIn this role you can work from Remote, United StatesOverviewWe’re building the bridges to help customers build and deliver software usingGitHub, and understand how their organization is using GitHub. As a SeniorSoftware Engineer on the Migration Tools team, you’ll design and implement asecure, reliable, and performant platform that directly impacts developersworldwide, ensuring that migrations to GitHub are frictionless and of highfidelity. You will also be helping customers understand and improve theirsecurity posture by improving observability by contributing to GitHub’s AuditLog system.At GitHub, you’ll collaborate with a distributed, diverse, and passionate teamof engineers and designers, delivering services that millions of developersdepend on daily. In this role, you’ll design, prototype, implement, ship, andsupport highly performant, inspiring experiences that enhance collaboration andproductivity for developers everywhere.We’re looking for creative problem solvers and diverse thinkers who valueculture as much as customers and features. We believe how we work is just asimportant as what we deliver. Big vision, shared purpose, passion for quality,curiosity, dedication, and investment in fun and collaboration are what drivegreat results. Great products reflect the teams that build them—come join us!Responsibilities * Own and advocate for the health and quality of the systems that the team builds, including participating in on-call rotations and responding to incidents as necessary. * Design, develop and ship high-quality technical solutions that scale and interact with multiple GitHub services. * Drive continued investment in the availability, security, and observability of the migration and audit log services * Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define and implement innovative solutions. * Provide technical leadership and code reviews to encourage the growth of others. * Write design documents and proposals, guiding the service architecture at a component level. * Design and implement APIs to facilitate seamless integration with other systems and services * Utilize CI/CD tools to set up automated pipelines for continuous integration and delivery. * Become intimately familiar with the systems you build and take pride in writing maintainable, tested code. QualificationsRequired Qualifications: * 6+ years experience in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining and delivering production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, Ruby, Rust, or Python * OR Associate’s Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Math, Physics, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field AND 5+ years experience in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining and delivering production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, Ruby, Rust, or Python * OR Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Math, Physics, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field AND 4+ years experience in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining and delivering production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, Ruby, Rust, or Python * OR Master's Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Math, Physics, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field AND 2+ years experience in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining and delivering production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, Ruby, Rust, or Python. * OR Doctorate in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Math, Physics, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field. * OR equivalent experience Preferred Qualifications: * Knowledge of data pipelines such as Kafka. * Strong knowledge of cloud platforms (e.g. Azure, AWS, or GCP) and developing scalable applications upon them. * Proven incident response experience including an ability to mitigate impact under pressure. * Excellent written and verbal communication skills. * Prior experience with best practices when working and communicating with a remote team. Compensation RangeThe base salary range for this job is USD $124,000.00 - USD $329,200.00 /Yr.These pay ranges are intended to cover roles based across the United States. Anindividual's base pay depends on various factors including geographical locationand review of experience, knowledge, skills, abilities of the applicant. AtGitHub certain roles are eligible for benefits and additional rewards, includingannual bonus and stock. These rewards are allocated based on individual impactin role. In addition, certain roles also have the opportunity to earn salesincentives based on revenue or utilization, depending on the terms of the planand the employee's role.GitHub values * Customer-obsessed * Ship to learn * Growth mindset * Own the outcome * Better together * Diverse and inclusive Manager fundamentals * Model * Coach * Care Leadership principles * Create clarity * Generate energy * Deliver success Who We AreGitHub is the world’s leading AI-powered developer platform with 150 milliondevelopers and counting. We’re also home to the biggest open-source community onearth (and 99% of the world’s software has open-source code in its DNA). Many ofthe apps and programs you use every day are built on GitHub.Our teams are dreamers, doers, and pioneers, leading the way in AI, drivinghumanitarian efforts around the globe, and even sending open source to Mars (andbeyond!). At GitHub, our goal is to create the space you need to do your bestwork. We’re remote-first and offer competitive pay, generous learning and growthopportunities, and excellent benefits to support you, wherever you are—becausewe know that people flourish when they can work on their own terms.Join us, and let’s change the world, together.EEO StatementGitHub is made up of people from a wide variety of backgrounds and lifestyles.We embrace diversity and invite applications from people of all walks of life.We don't discriminate against employees or applicants based on gender identityor expression, sexual orientation, race, religion, age, national origin,citizenship, disability, pregnancy status, veteran status, or any otherdifferences. Also, if you have a disability, please let us know if there's anyway we can make the interview process better for you; we're happy toaccommodate!Show more Show less