# Senior Software Engineer, Ads

**Company:** INSTACART
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

We're transforming the grocery industryAt Instacart, we invite the world to share love through food because we believeeveryone should have access to the food they love and more time to enjoy ittogether. Where others see a simple need for grocery delivery, we see excitingcomplexity and endless opportunity to serve the varied needs of our community.We work to deliver an essential service that customers rely on to get theirgroceries and household goods, while also offering safe and flexible earningsopportunities to Instacart Personal Shoppers.Instacart has become a lifeline for millions of people, and we’re building theteam to help push our shopping cart forward. If you’re ready to do the best workof your life, come join our table.Instacart is a Flex First teamThere’s no one-size fits all approach to how we do our best work. Our employeeshave the flexibility to choose where they do their best work—whether it’s fromhome, an office, or your favorite coffee shop—while staying connected andbuilding community through regular in-person events. Learn more about ourflexible approach to where we work.OverviewAre you ready to take your development skills to the next level? We’re lookingfor a Senior Software Engineer to join our Ads team. You’ll play a critical rolein the evolution of our Ads suite and help build world-class reporting solutionsacross various platforms, ensuring that advertisers and retailers receivetimely, accurate, and actionable data insights. By working closely with ProductDesigners, Product Managers, Data Scientists, Machine Learning Engineers, andother cross-functional partners, you’ll contribute to the advancement of our Adssuite and guarantee a seamless flow of data to our users.The Instacart Ads team is at the forefront of refining our Ads products andsupporting infrastructure, so your work will directly enhance our capability toprocess petabyte-scale data and deliver reports essential for billing, strategicdecision-making, and partner management.Our products are used by millions of people every year. To meet–andexceed–expectations we are rapidly improving and modernizing our ads platform,helping raise the quality bar for our products across the entire organization.Sound exciting? Keep reading.The Ads Solutions Team is a vibrant collective of engineers pioneering newadvertising formats at Instacart. Tasked with incubating and scalingcutting-edge ad solutions, our team fuels revenue growth and sustains vitalpartnerships within the Instacart Retail Media Network. As a beacon ofinnovation, our suite of display advertising offerings empowers brands to engageand educate consumers.About The JobAs a Senior Engineer, you'll be integral to a full-stack team driving end-to-enddevelopment from client to backend. Known for agility, our team values rapiditeration alongside quality and craft: * Lead the design and implementation of new ad formats. * Collaborate across teams and across functions to set product requirements and long-term strategies. * Uphold and elevate technical standards, ensuring superior code quality, test coverage, and system performance. * Embrace cross-functional roles and tackle challenges beyond just code to amplify product outcomes. About YouMinimum Qualifications * Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field, or equivalent proven industry experience (4+ years). * 5+ years of experience in software engineering. * Comprehensive understanding of distributed systems, proven experience with data processing technologies such as DBT and Airflow and common web frameworks such as Rails. * Highly proficient with SQL, capable of writing and reviewing complex queries for data analysis and debugging. * You can design for scale with the entire system in mind. * Solid communicator, comfortable seeking and receiving feedback. * Strong analytical and debugging skills. * Strong sense of ownership working with a large codebase and diverse suite of products. * A collaborative mindset to be able to partner with engineers, designers and PM's from multiple teams to co-create impactful solutions while supporting system contributions. * Strong organizational skills with the ability to communicate and present ideas clearly and influence key stakeholders at the manager, director, and VP level. Preferred Qualifications * Prior work experience in the digital advertising industry. * Experience with big data technologies such as Spark, Hadoop, Flink, Hive or Kafka, and with both streaming and batching data pipelines. * Proven experience with distributed system design. * Strong general programming and algorithm skills. * Strong attention to detail and accuracy in the implementation, keen eye for edge cases and code reviews. * Data driven mindset. Instacart provides highly market-competitive compensation and benefits in eachlocation where our employees work. This role is remote and the base pay rangefor a successful candidate is dependent on their permanent work location. Pleasereview our Flex First remote work policy here.Offers may vary based on many factors, such as candidate experience and skillsrequired for the role. Additionally, this role is eligible for a new hire equitygrant as well as annual refresh grants. Please read more about our benefitsofferings here.For US based candidates, the base pay ranges for a successful candidate arelisted below.CA, NY, CT, NJ$195,000—$217,000 USDWA$187,000—$208,000 USDOR, DE, ME, MA, MD, NH, RI, VT, DC, PA, VA, CO, TX, IL, HI$180,000—$200,000 USDAll other states$162,000—$180,000 USDShow more Show less