# Principal Technical Consultant (Integrations/AI), Federal - Top Secret Clearance

**Company:** JOBS VIA DICE
**Location:** 
**Score:** 45 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Company DescriptionIt all started in sunny San Diego, California in 2004 when a visionary engineer,Fred Luddy, saw the potential to transform how we work. Fast forward to today -ServiceNow stands as a global market leader, bringing innovative AI-enhancedtechnology to over 8,100 customers, including 85% of the Fortune 500 . Ourintelligent cloud-based platform seamlessly connects people, systems, andprocesses to empower organizations to find smarter, faster, and better ways towork. But this is just the beginning of our journey. Join us as we pursue ourpurpose to make the world work better for everyone.Job DescriptionThe TeamThe Customer Excellence Group at ServiceNow works with customers to help themachieve their business outcomes by providing prescriptive guidance. As part ofthe Customer Excellence Group, you will work with our customers to driveconsumption, adoption, and customer satisfaction and ultimately help ourcustomers grow their business on the ServiceNow platform by getting them to seethe value of their ServiceNow investment.The RoleThe Principal Technical Consultant, Integrations Specialist is the functionaland technical expert of a customer engagement team - consulting with customersand configuring ServiceNow Integrations based on configuration best practices -all with the goal of accelerating and driving customer business outcomes.Integrations consultants design and implement integrations between ServiceNowand third-party software platforms, programs, and applications. They are expertproblem solvers with extensive programming skills and abilities in multiplecoding languages and frameworks. They also resolve errors, provide support, anddevelop procedures to navigate complex system overlaps. They will play a crucialrole in delivering transformative integration architectures that support AIsolutions on the platform.What you get to do in this role: * Experience in leveraging or critically thinking about how to integrate AI into work processes, decision-making, or problem-solving. This may include using AI-powered tools, automating workflows, analyzing AI-driven insights, or exploring AI's potential impact on the function or industry. * Devising integration development plans and strategies while formulating architectures for systems integrations. * Implement the latest ServiceNow AI offerings like Virtual Agent, NLU, AI Search, Issue Auto Resolution, Task Intelligence, Document Intelligence, Generative AI and other upcoming capabilities for various customers * Developing solutions specific to user requirements gathered in workshops. * Coordinating activities with other developers to ensure that integrations and platform functionality is designed to support the overall project. * Ensuring that best practices in integration processes are followed by the organization. * Act as an SME to solve complex user issues related to Integrations and AI solutions. * Checking and correcting conflicts in data configurations and overlaps. * Analyzing and improving current instance configuration and setup to ensure proper design to support future of customer. * Identifying, debugging, and advising on system errors or architecture issues. QualificationsTo be successful in this role, we need someone who has: * Active Security Clearance Required * At least 8 years of configuration/development experience for complex, highly capable, integration technologies * Demonstrated ability to influence and consult (providing options with pros, cons, and risks) in a complex and varied customer environment, while providing thought leadership to customer sponsors/stakeholders in solving business process and/or technical problems * Maintain at least 2 ServiceNow mainline CIS certifications * Maintain ServiceNow Certified Application Developer (CAD) certification * Act as a technical lead on any engagement * Experience with architecting systems integrations and creating complex high level architecture diagrams * Extensive experience with Integration Technologies (Web Services (REST/SOAP), middleware, LDAP, SSO, JDBC, Import Sets, Export Sets, IDR (instance data replication), Remote Tables, Remote Process, etc.) and working with SaaS technologies * Understanding of AI Models, Deep Learning Models, and Large Language Models with a focus on Generative AI. * Experience with ServiceNow's Predictive/Task Intelligence, AI Search, and Virtual Agent is highly valued. * Experience with development on the ServiceNow platform capabilities (Studio IDE, Mobile, Automated Test Framework, Delegated Development, Flow Designer, Source Control, APIs, and Integrations) * Experience with data management, database design, and database concepts * Knowledge and experience with technical components such as LDAP, VPN, SSL, SAML/SSO and other widespread enterprise technologies * Connect chat, agent chat, and virtual agent configuration and design experience * Encryption understanding and core design principals with customers (Platform, Edge, Database, Full Disk, etc) * Understanding and/or development experience with MID Servers, Notify, Orchestration * Strong Javascript skills with practical experience * Experience with Self Hosted implementations and/or Domain Separation is a plus * Experience with data management, database design, and database concepts * Strong interpersonal skills, customer-centric attitude, and ability to operate within a culturally diverse environment * Proven team builder with the ability to mentor and develop talent * Analytical and problem-solving abilities * A keen eye for detail and the ability to spot and fix errors in complex code * Ability to perform tasks independently * Good presentation and report-writing skills * Up to 30% travel annually Additional InformationWork PersonasWe approach our distributed world of work with flexibility and trust. Workpersonas (flexible, remote, or required in office) are categories that areassigned to ServiceNow employees depending on the nature of their work. Learnmore here.Equal Opportunity EmployerServiceNow is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants willreceive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed,religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin or nationality, ancestry,age, disability, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status,or any other category protected by law. In addition, all qualified applicantswith arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment inaccordance with legal requirements.AccommodationsWe strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all candidates.If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of theapplication process, or are unable to use this online application and need analternative method to apply, please contact for assistance.Export Control RegulationsFor positions requiring access to controlled technology subject to exportcontrol regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR),ServiceNow may be required to obtain export control approval from governmentauthorities for certain individuals. All employment is contingent uponServiceNow obtaining any export license or other approval that may be requiredby relevant export control authorities.From Fortune. 2024 Fortune Media IP Limited. All rights reserved. Used underlicense.Show more Show less