# Senior Frontend Engineer

**Company:** BLOOMREACH
**Location:** 
**Score:** 13 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Bloomreach is building the world’s premier agentic platform forpersonalization.We’re revolutionizing how businesses connect with theircustomers, building and deploying AI agents to personalize the entire customerjourney. * We're taking autonomous search mainstream, making product discovery more intuitive and conversational for customers, and more profitable for businesses. * We’re making conversational shopping a reality, connecting every shopper with tailored guidance and product expertise — available on demand, at every touchpoint in their journey. * We're designing the future of autonomous marketing, taking the work out of workflows, and reclaiming the creative, strategic, and customer-first work marketers were always meant to do. And we're building all of that on the intelligence of a single AI engine — LoomiAI — so that personalization isn't only autonomous…it's also consistent.Fromretail to financial services, hospitality to gaming, businesses use Bloomreachto drive higher growth and lasting loyalty. We power personalization for morethan 1,400 global brands, including American Eagle, Sonepar, and Pandora.Do you enjoy working in a dynamic environment, solving complex challenges, andcontributing to an innovative product within a friendly & supportive team? Wouldyou like to build large-scale, rapidly evolving applications using Angular andTypeScript? If you’re curious, driven, and communicative—we might be the perfectteam for you.Your salary starts from 3500€ gross per month with restricted stock units andother benefits included. You can work in one of our Central Europe offices(Bratislava, Brno, Prague) or from home in Central and Eastern Europe on afull-time basis. If you’d like to know our Frontend leadership team, check outPeter, Scarlett, and Michal on LinkedIn.We're looking for someone who: * Has a drive to innovate and likes to grow through tackling challenges. * Embraces change and keeps moving forward. * Is product-oriented: thinks in terms of user value, not just code. * Communicates clearly, factually, and with empathy - whether writing code reviews or giving feedback. * Can give & receive feedback regularly to nurture personal and team growth. * Loves to learn and share knowledge with other team members. * Loves working collaboratively in a remote or hybrid environment. * Gets things done. You’re highly productive, focused, and proactive. What tech stack we have for you: * TypeScript / JavaScript * Angular * SCSS / CSS * RxJS * Node.js * Karma / Jasmine / Cypress * GIT About the Role & Team:We are a tight-knit team of 14 developers, collaborating together across variousprojects. You'll join a friendly, supportive environment where you can make areal impact. Whether it's building new features, iterating quickly onprototypes, or improving existing functionality, you'll contribute to deliveringvalue to our users.We work in 6-week cycles focused on clear deliverables defined by productrequirements, however, we also try to leave space for improvement projects andinternal initiatives. Everyone in the team is encouraged to share ideas,challenge assumptions, and shape both the product and how we work.What You’ll Do: * Design and develop scalable, high-quality features using Angular & TypeScript. * Propose and implement solutions with minimal supervision but maximal support. * Participate in planning, estimation, and retrospectives. * Provide technical feedback via code reviews. * Support teammates and help them grow. * Contribute to UI consistency by extending our internal UI library. * Write tests and help maintain our high standards for quality and performance. What You should bring:Must-Have: * Advanced TypeScript and Angular (or other modern frontend framework, with willingness to switch) * Experience in software design & architecture * Strong communication and collaboration skills * Team experience in remote or distributed setups * A proactive & supportive attitude with a passion for building great products Should-Have: * Experience in larger-scale projects * Solid SCSS/CSS knowledge * Comfort working in an agile, high-change environment Nice-to-Have: * Experience with testing frameworks (Karma, Jasmine, Cypress) * Familiarity with RxJS * Background in mentoring or team leadership What You might work on: * Prototyping new features or tools * Modular architecture / micro frontends * Build performance optimization * Change detection improvements * Data visualizations using Highcharts * Expanding our UI library with reusable components * Refactoring legacy code with a modern approach * Improving automated testing and code quality If you’re ready to bring your drive, energy, expertise, and ideas into a teamwhere you can grow and make an impact—we’d love to hear from you.More things you'll like about Bloomreach:Culture: * A great deal of freedom and trust. At Bloomreach we don’t clock in and out, and we have neither corporate rules nor long approval processes. This freedom goes hand in hand with responsibility. We are interested in results from day one. * We have defined our 5 values and the 10 underlying key behaviors that we strongly believe in. We can only succeed if everyone lives these behaviors day to day. We've embedded them in our processes like recruitment, onboarding, feedback, personal development, performance review and internal communication. * We believe in flexible working hours to accommodate your working style. * We work virtual-first with several Bloomreach Hubs available across three continents. * We organize company events to experience the global spirit of the company and get excited about what's ahead. * We encourage and support our employees to engage in volunteering activities - every Bloomreacher can take 5 paid days off to volunteer*. * The Bloomreach Glassdoor page elaborates on our stellar 4.4/5 rating. The Bloomreach Comparably page Culture score is even higher at 4.9/5 Personal Development: * We have a People Development Program -- participating in personal development workshops on various topics run by experts from inside the company. We are continuously developing & updating competency maps for select functions. * Our resident communication coach Ivo Večeřa is available to help navigate work-related communications & decision-making challenges.* * Our managers are strongly encouraged to participate in the Leader Development Program to develop in the areas we consider essential for any leader. The program includes regular comprehensive feedback, consultations with a coach and follow-up check-ins. * Bloomreachers utilize the $1,500 professional education budget on an annual basis to purchase education products (books, courses, certifications, etc.)* Well-being: * The Employee Assistance Program -- with counselors -- is available for non-work-related challenges.* * Subscription to Calm - sleep and meditation app.* * We organize ‘DisConnect’ days where Bloomreachers globally enjoy one additional day off each quarter, allowing us to unwind together and focus on activities away from the screen with our loved ones. * We facilitate sports, yoga, and meditation opportunities for each other. * Extended parental leave up to 26 calendar weeks for Primary Caregivers.* Compensation: * Restricted Stock Units or Stock Options are granted depending on a team member’s role, seniority, and location.* * Everyone gets to participate in the company's success through the company performance bonus.* * We offer an employee referral bonus of up to $3,000 paid out immediately after the new hire starts. * We reward & celebrate work anniversaries -- Bloomversaries!* (*Subject to employment type. Interns are exempt from marked benefits, usuallyfor the first 6 months.)Excited? Join us and transform the future of commerce experiences!If this position doesn't suit you, but you know someone who might be a greatfit, share it - we will be very grateful!Any unsolicited resumes/candidate profiles submitted through our website or topersonal email accounts of employees of Bloomreach are considered property ofBloomreach and are not subject to payment of agency fees.Show more Show less