# Senior Cluster Site Reliability Engineer

**Company:** THE VOLEON GROUP
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Voleon is a technology company that applies state-of-the-art machine learningtechniques to real-world problems in finance. For nearly two decades, we haveled our industry and worked at the frontier of applying machine learning toinvestment management. We have become a multibillion-dollar asset manager, andwe have ambitious goals for the future.As a Senior Cluster Site Reliability Engineer (SRE), you will help scale ourresearch compute cluster to meet our growing needs, and you will leverageengineering skills to ensure high degrees of uptime, reliability, androbustness. Our research clusters are at the core of our R&D, and you will bedirectly responsible for keeping this key resource available and performant.Your work will provide a world-class HPC platform for researchers to focus oncutting-edge machine learning problems at scale. You will support both on-premand cloud infrastructure, and work to provide the best experience to ourtechnical staff. You will leverage IaC, Automation, and SRE principles to refineand hone a product that operates 24/7 to support Voleon.The Cluster Operations team works on the frontline to triage and mitigatereal-time operational issues. You will be an integral member of this team,solving day-to-day issues with high urgency, while also engineering systemicimprovements and architectural fixes to prevent recurring issues. You willcollaborate with engineering teams to develop improvements tomonitoring/telemetry. You will help design and oversee operational frameworks toensure the cluster operates within a set of rigorous SLAs.Responsibilities * Be a first responder in the event of cluster outages or issues. Triage and resolve urgent issues as they arise * Ensure a high degree of cluster uptime (measured in multiple nines), and define + track SLAs to quantify reliability * Diagnose systemic/recurring patterns of problems, and engineer precision solutions to them in collaboration with engineering teams * Develop robust metrics and observability for cluster health and use those metrics to inform your work. Build out custom observability mechanisms when off-the-shelf ones won't do * Help software and research teams design policies around fair cluster usage, and help develop enforcement mechanisms for said policies * Assist in forecasting cluster growth, and help select appropriate scale-up strategies. Help optimize operations across dimensions of cost and usability Requirements * 5+ years of experience in SRE or DevOps roles, preferably working as a senior engineer or tech lead * Knowledge of HPC/batch compute frameworks (Slurm, Kueue, AWS/GCP Batch) and/or machine learning training systems (Kubeflow, MLflow, Horovod) * Ability to develop scripts and utilities of moderate complexity in a common scripting language (Python, Ruby, etc.) * Familiarity with infrastructure-as-code and configuration management tools (Terraform, Ansible) * Experience with cloud infrastructure (AWS or GCP) * Familiarity designing and implementing modern observability stacks (Prometheus, Grafana, Loki, ELK, OpenTelemetry) * Experience with distributed storage technologies (Lustre, Ceph, S3) * Embodies a "system engineer" rather than "system administrator" mindset, thinking systematically and leveraging automation * Bachelor degree in computer science Preferred Qualifications * Hands-on experience with HPC frameworks (Slurm, Grid Engine) and Kubernetes-based job orchestrators (Airflow, Kueue, Kubeflow Pipelines), along with other distributed computing frameworks (Ray, Modin, Dask, Spark) * Familiarity with ML frameworks (PyTorch/Tensorflow, JAX, Horovod, DeepSpeed) * Familiarity with hybrid/on-prem environments * Experience with containerization (Docker, Podman, Singularity), particularly for HPC/batch compute environments * Experience with HPC networking (InfiniBand, RDMA) * Solid security/IAM foundations (Identity management systems, AWS/GCP IAM, Zero Trust) The base salary range for this position is $205,000 to $235,000 in thelocation(s) of this posting. Individual salaries are determined through avariety of factors, including, but not limited to, education, experience,knowledge, skills, and geography. Base salary does not include other forms oftotal compensation such as bonus compensation and other benefits. Our benefitspackage includes medical, dental and vision coverage, life and AD&D insurance,20 days of paid time off, 9 sick days, and a 401(k) plan with a company match.“Friends of Voleon” Candidate Referral ProgramIf you have a great candidate in mind for this role and would like to have thepotential to earn $15,000 if your referred candidate is successfully hired andemployed by The Voleon Group, please use this form to submit your referral. Formore details regarding eligibility, terms and conditions please make sure toreview the Voleon Referral Bonus Program .Equal Opportunity EmployerThe Voleon Group is an Equal Opportunity employer. Applicants are consideredwithout regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, age, sex,gender, marital status, sexual orientation and identity, genetic information,veteran status, citizenship, or any other factors prohibited by local, state, orfederal law.We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiringprocess. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace humanjudgement. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you wouldlike more information about how your data is processed, please contact us.Show more Show less