# Senior Software Engineer - Data Platform

**Company:** CLARITY AI
**Location:** 
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

About Clarity AI 🪴Clarity AI is a global tech company founded in 2017 with a unique mission:bringing societal impact to markets.We leverage AI and machine learning technologies to provide top internationalinvestors, governments, companies, and consumers with the right data,methodologies, and tools to make more informed decisions.We are now a team of more than 300 highly passionate and curious individualsfrom all over the world, with offices in New York, Madrid, London, Paris, andAbu Dhabi. Together, we have established Clarity AI as a leading sustainabilitytech AI company backed by investors and strategic partners such as BlackRock,SoftBank, and Deutsche Börse, who believe in us and share our goals.We are dedicated to cultivating an exceptional workplace environment, and wetake pride in our culture, defined by our commitment to being fact-based,diverse, transparent, meritocratic, and flexible.We have plans to continue growing our teams globally, so if you would like tojoin us on this rocket ship, keep reading! Your work will shape and guide thesustainable decisions of investors, companies and consumers worldwide.About The Role 💻We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer with a certain background in Datawho will help us deliver the different parts of our production-ready productwhile co-designing and implementing an architecture that can scale up with theproduct and the company.This role will primarily focus on software engineering tasks, ensuring thescalability, reliability, and performance of some of the processes that generatepart of the core-data of Clarity AI inside our Data Platform. This SoftwareEngineer will work closely alongside a stable team of other Software Engineerswith varying levels of experience, a Tech Lead, and a Product Manager. As amember of this team and the Data Platform, you will be involved in conversationswith stakeholders.As part of the Data Platform, we build data products and capabilities that powerClarity AI’s mission to bring clarity to sustainability. Our team manages theentire ingestion flow of data: From gathering information from tens of publicsources and vendors to making it accessible to clients and internal teams. Weharmonize data that tracks the sustainability performance of companies andgovernments worldwide, while managing the cross-references and fundamentaldatasets that make this information interoperable and impactful for financialclients. Beyond this, we provide core data services and infrastructure thatempower other Clarity AI teams to innovate, experiment, and deliver valuefaster.In our team we work in a collaborative environment (the team always comes beforeindividuals, and we don't like heroes), with a Lean/Agile mindset, where qualityis non-negotiable. We value flexibility, remote work, and autonomy in how wework. We place a great deal of importance on working in a trustful environmentwhere everyone can find a good work-life balance.For more insight into the technologies used by the engineering team at ClarityAI, please explore our Tech StackLocation 🌍The role is based in SpainWay of Working: Remote / HybridWhat You’ll Be Doing 🚀As a Senior Engineer, this is what we expect from you: * About your coding skills: * You are able to design, develop, and maintain processes, data pipelines and services with a focus on simplicity, scalability, reliability, and performance. * You write high-quality, clean, well-tested code. Software Quality is non-negotiable for us. Writing automated tests (unit, integration, etc.) continuously must be part of your coding practice. You are used to programming in continuous cycles of coding-testing-refactoring or testing-coding-refactoring. * In terms of language, this is a no-stack position. We are currently using Python, DBT, and SQL but previous experience in Python or DBT is not a requirement, but you should have mastery of SQL. * You are familiar with the main design patterns and know how to approach your work to create decoupled artifacts. You have experience with APIs, both in using them and in creating them. * About your data skills: * You are able to design and understand complex Data Models. * You understand data storage and can make informed decisions about it. You are familiar with working with relational databases, data warehousing, columnar storage, and in-memory databases. * You will implement automated Data Quality actions to ensure the integrity of all the datasets we produce. * You will build and maintain fully automated and orchestrated data pipelines (ETL/ELT). Currently, we use Airflow as the main tool for this, but you don't need to be an expert in Airflow. * About your mindset: * You have a Product Engineer mindset, being involved in all aspects of the life cycle of a Product: from understanding the problems and needs, interacting with our stakeholders, designing, coding, delivering, measuring the impact… We want you to take full ownership of what we build. * You are someone with a strong team mindset who values teamwork and prioritizes collective success over individual performance. You enjoy solving problems collectively. We do great things together, we fail together. You care about your teammates and create an inclusive and supportive environment, where collaboration, open communication, and commitment to the team's goals are essential. * You are used to working in Lean/Agile environments. Concepts like focusing on impact, working in small iterations, measuring and gathering feedback, and adapting the roadmap are familiar to you. * About your soft skills: * You have excellent communication skills, both written and spoken, knowing what to communicate and when, and adapting the message to the audience. Our official language is English, so we need you to understand and communicate effectively in English. * You demonstrate a high degree of autonomy and require minimal supervision. * You will thrive in an environment that offers flexible hours, understanding the rights and responsibilities this entails. You also excel at balancing synchronous and asynchronous communication effectively within your team. * You are proactive and have critical thinking skills. We are open to change and improvement, so we would like you to be someone capable of proposing new ways of working. * Empathy and active listening: Ability to listen to colleagues' opinions, regardless of their seniority, and use this information to strengthen working relationships and improve projects. You know how to give feedback in an honest and respectful manner.Nice To Have ✨ * Experience in a start-up * Bachelor's or Master’s degree, or higher, in a financial discipline such as Banking, Finance, Investment Management, or Sustainable Finance.What We Offer 🥁 * Competitive compensation, both in terms of base salary as well as equity plans that enable to you to share in our success * Flexibility in ways of working both in terms of your schedule as well as your location, whether you prefer to work from home, the office, or abroad with access to a global network of co-working spaces * Generous paid time off schemes, including vacation, sabbatical, religious observance and compensation days * Meaningful benefits including private healthcare coverage, fitness and wellness programs covered through Wellhub, working-from-home allowances to help you set up your home office and cover monthly expenses * Professional development with annual training budget for conferences, courses, certifications and access to top market e-learning platforms * Collaborative environment with multiple offices around the globe, regular team activities and events as well as employee-led resource groupsMore About Clarity AI ⭐Clarity AI’s Founder and CEO, Rebeca Minguela, is a successful entrepreneur whohas been recognised by prestigious institutions like the World Economic Forum asone of the most distinguished leaders under 40.The leadership team has an international presence and is composed ofprofessionals from leading tech, consulting, and banking firms, entrepreneurs,PhDs from top research institutions, and MBA graduates from top businessschools.Clarity AI has received several awards: * The Forrester New Wave - ESG Ratings, Data, and Analytics - Leaders for 2022-2024 * Investment Week - Best Sustainable Investment Research & Ratings Provider 2023 * Fast Company - Most Innovative Companies 2023 * European Commission | EU Seal of Excellence 2020 * World Economic Forum - Technology Pioneer 2020 * World Economic Forum, Young Global Leader - Rebeca MinguelaClarity AI believes diversity, inclusion, and belonging are essential forcreating an innovative and successful workplace. By actively promoting andengaging in sustainability efforts, we can help create a more equitable andresilient future for our planet and all its inhabitants.Show more Show less