# Senior Software Engineer II - External Platform

**Company:** SAMSARA
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Who We AreSamsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which isa platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations toharness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improvetheir operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency andsustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy.Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are theinfrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, fieldservices, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to helpdigitally transform their operations at scale.Working at Samsara means you’ll help define the future of physical operationsand be on a team that’s shaping an exciting array of product solutions,including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, andEquipment Monitoring. As part of a recently public company, you’ll have theautonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.About the role:Our Platform is the foundation of our Connected Operations solution. Think of itas a hub-and-spoke model. All our products — safety, route planning,maintenance, fuel efficiency, EV reporting etc — are the spokes that engageusers. But they all connect back to the central hub.Most organizational platforms — and we're talking about those outside of Samsara— act as a software layer between infrastructure and product. They also tend tofunction behind the scenes.Our platform, however, is different. Not only do we work on core infrastructureand platform components, we also develop customer-facing features. Customers loginto Samsara through the platform, interacting with everything from the loginscreen to dashboards, reports, settings, and alerts. Regardless of the product,the platform is the central interface for insights and management.As a Senior Software Engineer in the Platform team, you’ll own the systems youbuild, shape products that prevent crashes and emissions, and create world-classsystems at scale. You’ll take full technical ownership of key product areas usedby thousands of fleets worldwide, solving real-world problems that cut CO₂ andkeep people safe. Your ideas will shape roadmaps, influence critical decisions,and power products that make measurable impact at scale.Work with product managers, designers, firmware and infrastructure engineers todesign, build, test, and deliver end-to-end products. You’ll develop skillsacross multiple technologies and own the production systems in your domain. Youwill coach, mentor, and guide engineers in the team, while also receivingsupport for your own development.This is a remote position open to candidates residing in the US or Canada.You should apply if: * You want to impact the industries that run our world: The software, firmware, and hardware you build will result in real-world impact—helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely. * You want to build for scale: With over 2.3 million IoT devices deployed to our global customers, you will work on a range of new and mature technologies, driving scalable innovation for customers across industries driving the world's physical operations. * You are a life-long learner: We have ambitious goals. Every Samsarian has a growth mindset as we work with a wide range of technologies, challenges, and customers that push us to learn on the go. * You believe customers are more than a number: Samsara engineers enjoy a rare closeness to the end user and you will have the opportunity to participate in customer interviews, collaborate with customer success and product managers, and use metrics to ensure our work is translating into better customer outcomes. * You are a team player: Working on our Samsara Engineering teams requires a mix of independent effort and collaboration. Motivated by our mission, we’re all racing toward our connected operations vision, and we intend to win—together. In this role, you will: * Work with product managers, designers, firmware, and infra engineers to architect, build, test, and deliver full-stack features across front-end, back-end, and mobile. GoLang, GraphQL, Typescript, React, and ReactNative are some of the components of our technology stack. Direct experience with these technologies is not required. * Be responsible for maintaining the production systems that your team owns and provide operational support. * Help build the culture of the team and make it an enjoyable place to work. * Solve problems that enable our product for our global customers. * Partner with other teams to take in requirements for prioritization and evangelize the platform we’re building. * Champion, role model, and embed Samsara’s cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as we scale globally and across new offices. Minimum requirements for the role: * 8+ years of industry experience building and operating production software systems. * Proficiency in at least one backend language (Go, Java, C#, or equivalent). Node is acceptable; Python/Ruby not preferred due to scale concerns. * Proficiency in building scalable and maintainable front-end applications using TypeScript and React, or similar component-based JavaScript frameworks. * Experience designing and architecting large, high-scale systems. * A focus on and desire to mentor fellow engineers. * An ability to estimate, communicate, and deliver upon project milestones with your team. * Experience with a public cloud such as AWS. An ideal candidate also has: * Proficiency in building scalable and maintainable front-end applications using TypeScript and React, or similar component-based JavaScript frameworks. * Experience leveraging LLMs or similar for day-to-day coding, eg: Cursor, Claude Code. * Experience with workflow engines, state machines, or orchestration platforms (e.g. Temporal, Step Functions, Airflow). * Contributed heavily to driving significant value to their customers. * Curious about our customers, and eager to improve their day-to-day experience. * Loves shipping features iteratively with immediate use by customers. * A Bachelor’s or higher in Computer Science or related discipline. Samsara’s Compensation Philosophy: Samsara’s compensation program is designed todeliver Total Direct Compensation (based on role, level, and geography) that isat or above market. We do this through our base salary + bonus/variable +restricted stock unit awards (RSUs) for eligible roles. For eligible roles, anew hire RSU award may be awarded at the time of hire, and additional RSUrefresh grants may be awarded annually.We pay for performance, and top performers in eligible roles may receiveabove-market equity refresh awards which allow employees to achieve highermarket.The range of annual base salary for full-time employees for this position isbelow. Please note that base pay offered may vary depending on factors includingyour city of residence, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.$142,800—$184,800 CADAt Samsara, we welcome everyone regardless of their background. All qualifiedapplicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,color, religion, national origin, sex, gender, gender identity, sexualorientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, and othercharacteristics protected by law. We depend on the unique approaches of our teammembers to help us solve complex problems and want to ensure that Samsara is aplace where people from all backgrounds can make an impact.BenefitsFull time employees receive a competitive total compensation package along withemployee-led remote and flexible working, health benefits, and much, much more.Take a look at our Benefits site to learn more.AccommodationsSamsara is an inclusive work environment, and we are committed to ensuring equalopportunity in employment for qualified persons with disabilities. Please emailaccessibleinterviewing@samsara.com or click here if you require any reasonableaccommodations throughout the recruiting process.Flexible WorkingAt Samsara, we embrace a flexible working model that caters to the diverse needsof our teams. Our offices are open for those who prefer to work in-person and wealso support remote work where it aligns with our operational requirements. Forcertain positions, being close to one of our offices or within a specificgeographic area is important to facilitate collaboration, access to resources,or alignment with our service regions. In these cases, the job description willclearly indicate any working location requirements. Our goal is to ensure thatall members of our team can contribute effectively, whether they are workingon-site, in a hybrid model, or fully remotely. All offers of employment arecontingent upon an individual’s ability to secure and maintain the legal rightto work at the company and in the specified work location, if applicable.Fraudulent Employment OffersSamsara is aware of scams involving fake job interviews and offers. Please knowwe do not charge fees to applicants at any stage of the hiring process. Officialcommunication about your application will only come from emails ending in‘@samsara.com’ or ‘@us-greenhouse-mail.io’. For more information regardingfraudulent employment offers, please visit our blog post here.Show more Show less