# Senior Software Engineer, Data Engineering

**Company:** AIRBNB
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their SanFrancisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomedover 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Everyday, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for gueststo connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will JoinWe are currently hiring for multiple teams:Guest Data: Understanding how guests and hosts use Airbnb allows us to give themthe best possible experience. The Guest Data team, part of the Guest & Hostorganization, is dedicated to developing top-tier tools, frameworks, and datamodels that offer a data-driven perspective on guest experiences on Airbnbproducts. Our primary stakeholders include analytics and data science partners,ML engineers, and product and engineering leaders involved in the core bookingflow.Supply and One Community (BizTech) - Team is building a platform for Airbnb toacquire high quality supply for its product lines such as Homes, Hotels,Experiences and Services. High quality supply in the right geograhies is a keylever to Airbnb’s growth. One Community offers host clubs for geo-graphicallycolocated hosts to communicate. Host clubs offers a meaningful education,announcements and tool of communication in disaster scenarios, it’s an importantinput to measure host engagement.The Supply & Insights Data and AI team provides rich, high-quality data assetsto power insights that enable Airbnb and our hosts to be competitive in ourmarketplaces. The team is composed of Engineers specializing in Data, Analytics,Backend and Machine Learning, and we work closely with a wide range of teamsacross the company, including Data Science, Strategic Finance, Sales Operations,and Product Engineering in order to see our work through to business impact.The Difference You Will MakeGuest Data: As a Senior Data Engineer, you will help build our data strategy,develop top-tier data models and tooling, and provide technical leadership to ateam of senior data engineers. You have the opportunity to influence criticalaspects of the Airbnb experience, including Search and Checkout, whilecollaborating with long-standing xfn partners across Product, AnalyticsEngineering, Data Science, Infrastructure, and AI/ML. Your work will impact thequality of the Airbnb product experience for millions of daily visitors, makingit an exciting opportunity for anyone passionate about data and itstransformative potential.Supply and One Community (BizTech) - As a Senior Data Engineer, you will helpbuild and execute our data strategy, develop top-tier data models and tooling,and provide technical leadership to data practitioners in the organization.Supply organization uses Salesforce for their workflows offering you anopportunity to build a paved path to exchange data between Airbnb and its vendorefficiently and in near real-time with an opportunity to influence vendor dataexchange at Airbnb. Your work will impact the quality of the Airbnb experiencefor hosts and allow Airbnb to acquire, onboard high quality hosts. You will becollaborating with long-standing xfn partners across Product, AnalyticsEngineering, Data Science, Infrastructure, and AI/ML.A Typical Day * Design, build, and maintain robust and efficient data pipelines that collect, process, and store data from various sources, including user interactions, listing details, and external data feeds. * Develop data models that enable the efficient analysis and manipulation of data for merchandising optimization. Ensure data quality, consistency, and accuracy. * Build scalable data pipelines (SparkSQL & Scala) leveraging Airflow scheduler/executor framework * Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including Data Scientists, Product Managers, and Software Engineers, to define data requirements, and deliver data solutions that drive merchandising and sales improvements. * Contribute to the broader Data Engineering community at Airbnb to influence tooling and standards to improve culture and productivity * Improve code and data quality by leveraging and contributing to internal tools to automatically detect and mitigate issues Your Expertise * 5-9+ years of relevant industry experience with a BS/Masters, or 2+ years with a PhD * Experience with distributed processing technologies and frameworks, such as Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, and distributed storage systems (e.g., HDFS, S3) * Demonstrated ability to analyze large data sets to identify gaps and inconsistencies, provide data insights, and advance effective product solutions * Expertise with ETL schedulers such as Apache Airflow, Luigi, Oozie, AWS Glue or similar frameworks * Solid understanding of data warehousing concepts and hands-on experience with relational databases (e.g., PostgreSQL, MySQL) and columnar databases (e.g., Redshift, BigQuery, HBase, ClickHouse) * Excellent written and verbal communication skills Your Location:This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work atan Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager.While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb,Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excludedstates. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if thestate you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed byanother Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you areeligible to work from.Our Commitment To Inclusion & BelongingAirbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. Webelieve diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attractcreatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions.All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interviewprocess. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonableaccommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at:reasonableaccommodations@airbnb.com. Please include your full name, the roleyou’re applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with therecruiting process.We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disabilityprevents you from being able to complete our online application.How We'll Take Care Of YouOur job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay isdependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, workexperience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject tochange and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible forbonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.Pay Range$191,000—$223,000 USDShow more Show less