# Staff Software Engineer

**Company:** ANCESTRY
**Location:** 
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

About AncestryWhen you join Ancestry, you join a human-centered company where every person’sstory is important. Ancestry®, the global leader in family history, connectseveryone with their past so they can discover, preserve, and share their uniquefamily stories. With our unparalleled collection of more than 65 billionrecords, over 3.5 million subscribers, and over 27 million people in our growingDNA network, customers can discover their family story and gain a new level ofunderstanding about their lives. Over the past 40 years, we’ve built trustedrelationships with millions of people who have chosen us as the platform fordiscovering, preserving, and sharing the most important information aboutthemselves and their families.We are committed to our location flexible work approach, allowing you to chooseto work in the nearest office, from your home, or a hybrid of both (subject tolocation restrictions and roles that are required to be in the office- see thefull list of eligible US locations HERE). We will continue to hire and promotebeyond the boundaries of our office locations, to enable broadened possibilitiesfor employee diversity.Together, we work every day to foster a work environment that's inclusive aswell as diverse, and where our people can be themselves. Every idea andperspective is valued so that our products and services reflect the global anddiverse clients we serve.Ancestry encourages applications from minorities, women, the disabled, protectedveterans and all other qualified applicants. Passionate about dedicating yourwork to enriching people’s lives? Join the curious.Ancestry seeks a passionate, highly motivated, and exceptional Staff SoftwareEngineer to join our DNA Engineering team. This team is critical in processingAncestryDNA data, using advanced algorithms to determine DNA matches, estimategenetic ethnicity, predict physical traits, and more. As a Staff SoftwareEngineer on the team, you will contribute to developing and enhancing our DNAprocessing pipeline. Your work will include building new features that directlyimpact and enhance the AncestryDNA customer experience.What You Will Do * Collaborate closely with bioinformaticians, DNA scientists, and fellow software engineers to translate cutting-edge research algorithms into robust, production-ready software. * Lead efforts to design, build, and maintain scalable workflows using Nextflow to efficiently process large genomic datasets. * Optimize the use of AWS services for high-performance computing, data storage, and cost-effective cloud infrastructure. * Develop and deploy infrastructure-as-code solutions with Terraform, ensuring seamless cloud resource management and scalability. * Write clean, modular, and well-documented code, primarily in Python, with a focus on performance, scalability, and maintainability along with guiding the team to do so. * Monitor, troubleshoot, and enhance workflow performance to ensure the reliable and efficient processing of genomic data in production environments. * Participate and lead code reviews, best practice discussions, and continuous improvement initiatives to advance the team's tools and workflows. * Stay up to date with emerging technologies in genomics and cloud infrastructure, incorporating innovative solutions as appropriate. Who You Are * Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, BioInformatics or a related field, or equivalent experience. * 7+ years of development experience in one or more programming languages (Python preferred, but Java, JavaScript, or Ruby). * 4+ years of experience with cloud computing services, with knowledge of common cloud design patterns (AWS experience is a plus). * Experience with Infrastructure as Code (IaC), ideally using Terraform. * Knowledge of best practices in data security and privacy regulations (e.g., GDPR, HIPAA) when handling sensitive datasets. * Familiarity with agile software development methodologies. * Experience deploying and scaling machine learning solutions in production environments using tools like AWS SageMaker is highly desirable. * Experience in designing, automating, and managing complex data workflows using Nextflow for bioinformatics, genomics, or other data-intensive applications is a plus. Helping people discover their story is at the heart of ours. Ancestry is thelargest provider of family history and personal DNA testing, harnessing apowerful combination of information, science and technology to help peoplediscover their family history and stories that were never possible before.Ancestry’s suite of products includes: AncestryDNA, AncestryProGenealogists,Fold3, Newspapers.com, Find a Grave, Archives.com, and Rootsweb. We offerexcellent benefits and a competitive compensation package. For additionalinformation, regarding our benefits and career information, please visit ourwebsite at http://ancestry.com/careersAs a signatory of the ParityPledge in Support of Women and the ParityPledge inSupport of People of Color, Ancestry values pay transparency and pay equity. Weare pleased to share the base salary range for this position: $134,010 -$167,490 with eligibility for bonus, equity and comprehensive benefits includinghealth, dental and vision. The actual salary will vary by geographic region andjob experience. We will share detailed compensation data for a specific locationduring the recruiting process. Read more about our benefits HERE. * Note: Disclosure as required by sb19-085(8-5-20) and sb1162(1-1-23) Additional InformationAncestry is an Equal Opportunity Employer that makes employment decisionswithout regard to race, color, religious creed, national origin, ancestry, sex,pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age,mental or physical disability, medical condition, military or veteran status,citizenship, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristicprotected by applicable law. In addition, Ancestry will provide reasonableaccommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.All job offers are contingent on a background check screen that complies withapplicable law. For candidates who live in San Francisco, CA, pursuant to theSan Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Ancestry will consider for employmentqualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.Ancestry is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for thisemployment opportunity. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee atAncestry via-email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a validwritten search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the soleproperty of Ancestry. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired byAncestry as a result of the referral or through other means.Show more Show less