# Senior Software Engineer II, Commerce Platform

**Company:** INSTACART
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

NVIDIA is currently seeking a Senior Developer Technology Engineer forHigh-Performance Databases!Would you enjoy researching new algorithms and memory management techniques toaccelerate databases on modern computer architectures? Do you like investigatinghardware and system bottlenecks, and optimizing performance of data intensiveapplications? Are you excited about the opportunity to work on the leading edgeof technology with both visibility and impact to the success of a leader likeNVIDIA? If so, the Developer Technology Team invites you to consider thisopportunity.What You Will Be Doing * In this role, you will research and develop techniques to GPU-accelerate high performance database and ETL applications. * Work directly with other technical experts in their fields (industry and academia) to perform in-depth analysis and optimization of complex data intensive workloads to ensure the best possible performance of current GPU architectures. * Influence the design of next-generation hardware architectures, software, and programming models in collaboration with research, hardware, system software, libraries, and tools teams at NVIDIA What We Need To See * A Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related computationally focused science degree (or equivalent experience). * At least 5+ years of relevant work or research experience. * Programming fluency in C/C++ with a deep understanding of algorithms and software design. * Hands-on experience with low-level parallel programming, e.g., CUDA, OpenACC, OpenMP, MPI, pthreads, TBB, etc. * In-depth expertise with CPU/GPU architecture fundamentals, especially memory subsystem. * Domain expertise in high performance databases, ETL and data analytics * Good communication and organization skills, with a logical approach to problem solving, and prioritization skills. Ways To Stand Out From The Crowd * Experience optimizing the performance of distributed database systems and frameworks (e.g. production database or Spark). * Background with compression, storage systems, networking, and distributed computer architectures. Data Analytics is one of the rapidly growing fields in GPU acceleratedcomputing. Data preprocessing and data engineering are traditionally CPU basedand are becoming the bottleneck for Machine Learning (ML) and Deep Learning (DL)applications, as performance of the frameworks and core ML/DL libraries has beenhighly optimized leveraging GPUs. Many of today’s applications have complex dataanalytics pipelines that can benefit from optimizations in memory management,compression, parallel algorithms like sort, search, join, aggregation, groupby,scaling up to multi GPU systems, and scaling out to many nodes. Take a look atsome of the open-source projects that our Devtech team have worked on: NVIDIAnvcomp , NVIDIA Distributed join , NVIDIA cuCollections .Your base salary will be determined based on your location, experience, and thepay of employees in similar positions. The base salary range is 148,000 USD -235,750 USD for Level 3, and 184,000 USD - 287,500 USD for Level 4.You will also be eligible for equity and benefits .Applications for this job will be accepted at least until September 6,2025.NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to bean equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current andfuture employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotionpractices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender,gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status,disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.JR2003231Show more Show less