# Senior .NET Software Engineer

**Company:** EPAM SYSTEMS
**Location:** 
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

EPAM is currently seeking experienced .NET engineers interested in exploring AIapplications.The main goal is to build a platform incorporating Generative AI within InvestorRelations solutions. The project involves an AI-driven integration with Cap IQTranscripts, leading to a comprehensive AI Chat Copilot in Capital Access.Leveraging .NET Core and Angular/React, we aim to build a cloud-nativemicroservice product. If you have a solid C# skill and are keen on working withadvanced services – apply now and join our team as a Senior .NET SoftwareEngineer. To discover more about .NET practice at EPAM, visit this page. Feel free to work remotely from anywhere across Latvia or connect withcolleagues at our Riga office. Responsibilities * Design, code, test and debug .NET applications * Contribute an input for technical solutions * Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify, define and solve complex system problems * Mentor engineers on customer's side Requirements * Expert skills in C# * Good knowledge of .NET Core * Experience with microservices architecture * Background in Azure/AWS * Strong problem solving skills Nice to have * Understanding of Angular/React We offer * Engineering Heritage: Best-in-class experts sharing a culture of engineering excellence and tackling complex engineering challenges for over 30 years. * Advanced Tech Stack: Innovative projects where you can apply or enhance your expertise in Cloud, Data, AI, and other emerging technologies. * World-Class Clients: Work closely with 295+ of the Forbes Global 2000 on creating disruptive solutions that make a global impact. * Professional Growth: Exceptional support for career development with comprehensive resources for upskilling or reskilling in pioneering practices. * GenAI Community: Strong AI competencies with 600+ experts across 55+ locations driving GenAI-enabled transformation journeys. * Entrepreneurial Culture: If you're passionate and dedicated to improving business transformation, we provide the support you need to bring your ideas to life. * Hybrid Setup: The flexibility to work from any location in Latvia, whether it's your home or our office in Riga. * Other Benefits: Additional vacation and trust days, private health insurance, Employee Stock Purchase Plan and more. About EPAMEPAM is a leading global provider of digital platform engineering anddevelopment services. For over 30 years, our team has helped leading brandsnavigate the waves of digital transformation, building solutions that help themstay competitive through constant market disruption.With offices in 55+countries, EPAM has grown in Latvia to over 150+ talented innovators in 3 years.We foster creativity and unconventional ways of doing things, welcominglike-minded professionals to join us. Salary range €3.4K-€5K gross, based on your experience and interview results. Show more Show less