# Senior Software Engineer, Community Support Engineering

**Company:** JOBS VIA DICE
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their SanFrancisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomedover 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Everyday, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for gueststo connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join:Community Support Engineering (CS Eng) is responsible for the world-classtechnology, architecture, and solutions that power Airbnb's global communitysupport operations. The products and solutions we build support our customers,front line agents, and business process operations teams. They are a key driverof enabling Airbnb's core business. As a member of CS Eng, you will have anopportunity to impact every person who travels or hosts on Airbnb.Under CS Eng, the Workflow Policy team has an opportunity for a Senior Engineerto help drive our initiatives. The team builds the core software that empowersour global support agents. The work has a direct impact on agent experience andimpacts the quality of service we provide to our guests and hosts.The Difference You Will Make:We are seeking a highly skilled and motivated engineer who is passionate aboutmaking a difference through their work. As a Senior Software Engineer, you willwork in a team of talented and diverse software engineers to build solutionsthat improve the agent experience. You will play a significant role in shapingthe technical vision and then delivering a solution that is flexible, efficientand scales with the needs of the business. Each individual brings their ownunique skill set, experiences, thought leadership and technical expertise tosolve these technical challenges for Airbnb. There are several projects that canresult in double-digit percentage improvements for our users, resulting ingreater efficiency in supporting our guests and hosts. There is potential andprecedence in driving millions of dollars of savings for Airbnb, making it agreat team to join for driving outsized impact.A Typical Day: * Work cross-functionally with product, design, and other engineering counterparts to execute on product and business strategy to build novel products and features * Drive, lead, and contribute to the full development cycle: technical design, development, test automation, experimentation, analysis, and launch. You'll be reviewing code and design docs, giving feedback on product specs and mocks. * Build efficient and reusable backend components, with high quality, while making sure to maintain performance and scalable systems. * Practice Full-Stack development, including frontend web, contributing to UI used by thousands of agents all day. * Work closely with Machine Learning and Generative AI Engineers to greatly improve Community Support systems. * The systems you work on are used by multiple tiers of support and policy professionals. These tools include workflow guides, a powerful policy editor, and a critical support application for managing disruptive events that impact our guests and hosts. . * Provide critical input on team roadmap and technical direction. Your Expertise: * 6+ years industry experience * Bachelor's and/or Master's degree, preferably in CS, or equivalent experience * Proficiency in one or more back-end server languages (Java/Kotlin/C++) * Experience building AI-driven features: Both classical supervised machine learning, and Generative AI * Experience in building and scaling high-quality and high-traffic products (or systems). * Excellent communication skills and the ability to work well within a team and with teams across the engineering, product & design organizations * Ability to evaluate technical approaches and design product solutions to solve real-world problems. * Mentorship to junior developers Your Location:This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work atan Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager.While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb,Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excludedstates. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if thestate you live in is on the exclusion list . If your position is employed byanother Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you areeligible to work from.Our Commitment To Inclusion & Belonging:Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. Webelieve diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attractcreatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions.All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interviewprocess. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonableaccommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: Pleaseinclude your full name, the role you're applying for and the accommodationnecessary to assist you with the recruiting process.We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disabilityprevents you from being able to complete our online application.How We'll Take Care of You:Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay isdependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, workexperience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject tochange and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible forbonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.Pay Range$195,000-$220,000 USDShow more Show less