# Senior Software Development Engineer

**Company:** MCG HEALTH
**Location:** 
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

At MCG, we lead the healthcare community to deliver patient-focused care. Wehave a mission-driven team of talented physicians and technical expertsdeveloping our evidence-based content and innovating our products to accelerateimprovements in healthcare. If you are driven to enhance the US healthcaresystem, MCG is eager to have you join our team. We cultivate a work environmentthat nurtures personal and professional growth, and this is a thrilling time tobecome a part of our organization. With dynamic roles that offer meaningfulimpact, you'll be able to fully realize your potential. Plus, you'll enjoyworld-class benefits and the security, stability, and resources of our parentcompany, Hearst, with over 100 years of experience. * Potential Candidate Already Identified *** The Senior Software Engineer on the Software Engineer and Design team is anindividual contributor on an Agile product development team. This rolecollaborates with the Data Science Solutions leadership team to contribute totechnical standards, and participates in discussions with MCG's architects todefine the technical architecture and engineering practices for high qualitysolution development. We're a fast-paced, "startup within" group working onexciting new projects in data science at MCG, and are seeking to build a team ofdiverse, creative, and imaginative individuals to contribute to our innovationefforts. If you're an expert engineer with proven results in delivering qualitysolutions, we'd love your help in our mission to improve healthcare!You Will: * Establish a high bar of personal technical performance that serves as an inspiration and example for other software engineers and QA engineers of all levels on the product development team * Keep informed about industry best practices for digital product development and recommend technical and process improvements * Possess strong knowledge in performance, scalability, enterprise system architecture, and engineering best practices * Contribute to business requirements definition and use case design * Conduct research related to customer support issues What We're Looking For: * You have a Bachelor's Degree and/or Master's Degree in Computer Science or other technical field * You have excellent analytical, programming, and communication skills. * You have 5+ years of professional software development experience with good knowledge of Agile Software Development Processes * You are strong with object oriented languages such as .NET/Java, or modern languages that targets the JVM - Kotlin, Groovy, JRuby, Python etc. * You know webstacks such as Vue, React, Angular * You have used cloud services for storage, queuing, secret management etc. * You can develop and review code using multiple platforms and programming languages. * You have experience writing automated tests (unit tests and higher-level tests) * You're familiar with some form of Agile methodologies * You thrive in a fast-paced, client-focused, changing environment * You work independently, and are self-directed * You communicate effectively with all levels of an organization, outside customers, consultants and vendors. * Bonus points if you have experience in the Healthcare Industry and/or with Machine Learning, Data Science, or NLP Pay Range: $136,000 - $194,000Perks & Benefits:💻 Remote work✈️ Travel expected 2-3 times per year for company-sponsored events🩺 Medical, dental, vision, life, and disability insurance📈 401K retirement plan; flexible spending and health savings account🏝️ 15 days of paid time off + additional front-loaded personal days🏖️ 14 company-recognized holidays + paid volunteer days👶 up to 8 weeks of paid parental leave + 10 weeks of paid bonding leave🌈 LGBTQ+ Health Services🐶 Pet insurance📣 Check out more of our benefits here:https://www.mcg.com/about/careers/benefits/MCG Health is a Seattle, Washington-based company and is consideringremote/hybrid candidates with some travel for company-sponsored events.The ideal candidate should be comfortable balancing the independence ofremote/hybrid work with the collaborative opportunities offered by periodicin-person engagements.We embrace diversity and equal opportunity and are committed to building a teamthat represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. Only withdiverse thoughtsand ideas will we be able to create the change we want inhealthcare. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be for it.All roles at MCG are expected to engage in occasional travel to participate inteam or company-sponsored events for the purposes of connection andcollaboration.It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test asa condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates thislaw shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.MCG is a leading healthcare organization dedicated to patient-focused care. Wevalue our employees' unique differences and are an Equal Employment Opportunity(EEO) employer. Our diverse workforce helps us achieve our goal of providing theright care to everyone. We welcome all qualified applicants without regard torace, religion, nationality, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age,marital status, veteran status, disability, pregnancy, parental status, geneticinformation, or political affiliation. We are committed to improving equity inhealthcare and believe that a diverse workplace fosters curiosity, innovation,and business success. We are happy to provide accommodations for individuals.Please let us know if you require any support.Show more Show less