# Senior Machine Learning Engineer

**Company:** PAYLOCITY
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Job TypeFull-timeDescriptionPaylocity is an award-winning provider of cloud-based HR and payroll softwaresolutions, offering the most complete platform for the modern workforce. Thecompany has become one of the fastest-growing HCM software providers worldwideby offering an intuitive, easy-to-use product suite that helps businessesautomate and streamline HR and payroll processes, attract and retain talent, andbuild a strong workplace culture.While traditional HR and payroll providers automate basic HR processes such aspayroll and benefits administration, Paylocity goes further by developing toolsthat HR and businesses need to compete for talent and deliver against theexpectations of the modern workforce.We give our employees what they need to succeed, including great benefits andperks! We offer medical, dental, vision, life, disability, and a 401(k) match,as well as perks that support you, your family, and your finances. And if it’scareer development you desire, we provide that, too! At Paylocity, people mattermost and have always been at the heart of our business.Help Paylocity enhance communication and enable employees to connect,collaborate, and create from anywhere with a position in Product & Technology!Want to develop the strategies and principles needed to deliver compellingsoftware? Join our team and help us enhance our all-in-one software platform,elevate our one-of-a-kind technology, and improve the employee experience.Take your career to the next level at one of G2's Top 100 Software Companies.Explore our Product & Technology positions to see where you fit!Senior Engineer Machine LearningPosition OverviewPaylocity is growing its Machine Learning Engineering organization! Our machinelearning engineering team is responsible for developing infrastructure andtooling to help enable data driven decisions and insights at a scale formillions of Paylocity users.As a Senior Machine Learning Engineer in Product & Technology, you will helpPaylocity build and deploy Machine Learning solutions, to help our teams buildbetter products faster, more reliably, and at the scale we see in production forour customers. We develop machine learning models and infrastructure to supportinternal team strategies and collaborate closely with our data scienceorganization to drive efficiency and best practices. Your primary focus will beto leverage your expertise in software development, machine learning algorithms,and data infrastructure to architect, develop, and optimize machine learningsolutions. You will play a key role in driving the development of scalable andefficient machine learning models, contributing to the enhancement of productfeatures, and the overall improvement of our infrastructure.Our Team Is * Building infrastructure that can power ML and AI features for millions of users * Building and deploying platform-wide recommendations to help companies follow HR best practices and allow employees to get the most out of our platform (Paylocity AI page) * Baking AI Ethics into all our processes as a first-class citizen (Blog Post) * Working in a collaborative fully remote environment with a desire to share ideas and continuously improve * Invested in staying current in machine learning engineering by applying the newest tools, technologies, and practices * Excited to work on cutting-edge technology! Primary ResponsibilitiesThe below represents the primary duties of the position, others may be assignedas needed. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able toperform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below arerepresentative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonableaccommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to performthe essential functions. * Collaborate closely with internal teams such as Data Science, Data Engineering, Paylocity’s Cloud Center of Excellence (CCOE), DevOps, and Delivery Platforms to understand requirements and ensure alignment of machine learning engineering solutions with overall business objectives and priorities. * Leverage cutting-edge big data technologies on AWS utilizing Databricks and Spark to develop scalable and efficient machine learning solutions for millions of users. * Create automated data and modeling pipelines, collaborating with internal teams to ensure smooth integration and deployment of machine learning software features. * Lead the optimization of CI/CD workflows, ensuring scalability and resilience while addressing complex challenges in automation in partnership with DevOps and Delivery Platforms. * Proactively identify and resolve issues/bugs, ensuring AppSec vulnerabilities are identified and corrected, working closely with Application Security and CCOE teams. * Drive the adoption of best practices in machine learning engineering across teams, contributing to the development of formal training programs and materials for MLE tool adoption. * Actively participate in cross-functional meetings and discussions, providing feedback, commentary, requirements, and questions to ensure alignment and drive project success. Education And Experience * 5 years of machine learning engineering success or similar experience with a Bachelor's degree, or an Advanced degree (Masters or PhD) preferred in machine learning engineering, data engineering, computer science, engineering, statistics, mathematics, data science, or another quantitative field. * Experience in building production-grade machine learning models and infrastructure in Python. * Strong background in advanced Python and big data technologies * Experience with cloud infrastructure (i.e., AWS, GCP, or Azure). * Demonstrated experience with Infrastructure as Code (IAC) tools (i.e. CDK, Pulumi, etc.). * Demonstrated ability to leverage machine learning engineering to drive business results. * Skilled at translating business problems into machine learning engineering problems and communicating the results to non-technical audiences. * Able to work in a collaborative environment with a desire to share your ideas. * Able to work independently and complete tasks with high quality, but unafraid to seek out suggestions from other team members. * Strong understanding of data engineering and software engineering fundamentals. * Self-motivated, adaptable, and highly detail oriented. Preferred Skills * Professional or academic experience in HR, social science or psychology * Contributions to open-source software in Python * Enthusiastic about how machine learning and infrastructure can lead to a superior customer experience. * Be invested in staying current in machine learning and infrastructure by applying new technologies and practices. Physical Requirements * Ability to sit for extended periods: The role requires sitting at a desk or workstation for long periods, typically 7-8 hours a day. * Use of computer and phone systems: The employee must be able to operate a computer, use phone systems, and type. This includes using multiple software programs and inquiries simultaneously. Paylocity is an equal-opportunity employer. Paylocity is committed to the fullinclusion of allindividuals. We recruit, train, compensate, and promote regardless of race,religion, color, national origin, sex, disability, age, veteran status, andother protected status as required by applicable law. At Paylocity, we believediversity makes us better.We embrace and encourage our employees’ differences in age, culture, ethnicity,family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, nationalorigin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion orspiritual belief, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, andother characteristics that make our employees unique. We actively cultivatethese differences through our employee resource groups (ERGs), employeeexperiences, perspectives, talents, and approaches to drive innovation in thesoftware and services we provide our customers.We comply with federal and state disability laws and make reasonableaccommodations for applicantsand employees with disabilities. To request reasonable accommodation in the jobapplication orinterview process, please contact LeaveBenefits@paylocity.com . This emailaddress is exclusivelydesignated for such requests, aligning with federal and state disability laws.Please do not send resumesto this email address, as they will be removed.The pay range for this position is $125,900 - 233,900/yr; however, base payoffered may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.This position is eligible for a restricted stock unit grant based on individualperformance in addition to a full range of benefits outlined here Benefits Link.This information is provided per the relevant state and local pay transparencylaws for the location in which this position will be performed. Base payinformation is based on market location. Applicants should apply viawww.paylocity.com/careers.Show more Show less