# Staff Software Engineer

**Company:** OMADA HEALTH
**Location:** United States 55 minutes ago
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Omada Health is on a mission to inspire and engage people in lifelong health,one step at a time. Job Overview:Omada Health is a digital care provider that empowers people to achieve theirhealth goals through sustainable behavioral change. We are on a mission toinspire and engage people in lifelong health, one step at a time. We are lookingfor a software engineer to help drive us forward in achieving that goal.Great software is the key to providing effective care at scale. We hirepassionate, creative people and give them the autonomy to do great work. Oursoftware engineers are comfortable dealing with high-level specifications,working independently and in small teams, and are heavy contributors in theproduct process from idea to production. About you: You work with empathy for your coworkers, stakeholders and users. You areexcited to work cross-functionally with a variety of people and ideas. You workdirectly with stakeholders to design solutions and drive the technical decisionsfor delivery. You proactively keep up with technology trends and can assesstechnical trade-offs between solutions across service boundaries. You careabout writing quality software and recognize that there are often many rightanswers. You are excited about the challenge of learning new technologies andcontext. You are enthusiastic about providing the best possible care for ourmembers.What you’ll be doing: * Play a critical role in the full agile software development life cycle, from conception to deployment including architecture, design, and development. * Writing clean and well-tested code that allows us to keep our applications stable and easily modifiable. * Be a leader to the team by continuously identifying ways to improve, mentoring others, and removing ambiguity. * Collaborate and influence others to shape future direction, based on your years of previous experience and technology research. * Drive the resolution of complex problems without a lot of direction. * Lead large projects, anticipating infrastructure and architectural needs before they arise. * Research, adopt and advocate for new technologies. * Leverage AI tools in your workflow across all aspects of the software development lifecycle. * Lead large projects by anticipating infrastructure and architectural needs, and propose innovative AI solutions to complex problems. * Collaborate with AI experts to integrate AI into existing systems, leveraging their guidance as necessary. * Use your experience to influence and shape the future direction of projects and technologies, working collaboratively to adopt and advocate for new technological advancements.What you need for this role: * 10+ years of experience writing readable, tested, and efficient code * Experience with Ruby or Python * Experience with a relational database (PostgreSQL, MySQL) * Experience with designing scalable, maintainable and secure APIs * Experience with CI/CD pipelines * Familiarity with LLMs and GenAI best practices * Familiarity with AI development tools such as Cursor or Copilot * Familiarity with cloud infrastructure (AWS preferred), and deployment tools (Kubernetes, Docker) * Understanding of logging, monitoring and telemetry * Understanding of DevOps concepts and principles * Interest in learning new tools, languages, workflows, and philosophies to grow * Curiosity and care more about solving problems than being right * Excellent communication and collaboration skills (verbal and written)Technologies we use:Ruby on Rails, React, AWS (RDS with PostgreSQL, SQS), GraphQL, Docker,KubernetesBenefits: * Competitive salary with generous annual cash bonus * Equity Grants * Remote first work from home culture * Flexible vacation to help you rest, recharge, and connect with loved ones * Generous parental leave * Health, dental, and vision insurance (and above market employer contributions) * 401k retirement savings plan * Lifestyle Spending Account (LSA) * Mental Health Support Solutions * ...and more!It takes a village to change health care. As we build together toward ourmission, we strive to embody the following values in our day-to-day work. Wehope these hold meaning for you as well as you consider Omada! * Cultivate Trust. We actively cultivate trust through attentive listening and supporting one another. We respectfully provide and are open to receiving candid feedback. * Seek Context. We ask to understand and we build connections. We do our research up front to move faster down the road. * Act Boldly. We innovate daily to solve problems, improve processes, and find new opportunities for our members and customers. * Deliver Results. We reward impact above output. We set a high bar, we’re not afraid to fail, and we take pride in our work. * Succeed Together. We prioritize Omada’s progress above team or individual. We have fun as we get stuff done, and we celebrate together. * Remember Why We’re Here. We push through the challenges of changing health care because we know the destination is worth it.About Omada Health: Omada Health is a between-visit healthcare provider thataddresses lifestyle and behavior change elements for individuals managingchronic conditions. Omada’s multi-condition platform treats diabetes,hypertension, prediabetes, musculoskeletal, and GLP-1 management. With insightsfrom connected devices and AI-supported tools, Omada care teams deliver carethat is rooted in evidence and unique to every member, unlocking results atscale. With more than a decade of experience and data, and 29 peer-reviewedpublications showcasing clinical and economic proof points, Omada’s approach isdesigned to improve health outcomes and contain costs. Our customers includehealth plans, pharmacy benefit managers, health systems, and employers rangingfrom small businesses to Fortune 500s. At Omada, we aim to inspire and empowerpeople to make lasting health changes on their own terms. For more information,visit: https://www.omadahealth.com/Omada is thrilled to share that we’ve been certified as a Great Place to Work!Please click here for more information.We carefully hire the best talent we can find, which means actively seekingdiversity of beliefs, backgrounds, education, and ways of thinking. We strive tobuild an inclusive culture where differences are celebrated and leveraged toinform better design and business decisions. Omada is proud to be an equalopportunity workplace and affirmative action employer. We are committed to equalopportunity regardless of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, nationalorigin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, legallyprotected medical condition, family care status, military or veteran status,marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, or any other basisprotected by local, state, or federal laws.Below is a summary of salary ranges for this role in the following geographies:California, New York State and Washington State Base Compensation Ranges:$202,400 - $253,000*, Colorado Base Compensation Ranges: $193,600 - $242,000*.Other states may vary.This role is also eligible for participation in annual cash bonus and equitygrants. *The actual offer, including the compensation package, is determined based onmultiple factors, such as the candidate's skills and experience, and otherbusiness considerations.Please click here for more information on our Candidate Privacy Notice.Show more Show less