# Staff Software Engineer, Host Pricing & Settings

**Company:** AIRBNB
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their SanFrancisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomedover 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Everyday, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for gueststo connect with communities in a more authentic way.The difference you will makeThe Host Pricing & Settings org is looking for a Staff Software Engineer to helpus craft the next generation of tools for Airbnb hosts. Our team empowers Airbnbhosts to better run their business by providing the tools and education toimplement pricing strategies that adapt to their evolving goals.As a Staff Engineer on the Guidance Serving team, you will drive the technicalstrategy and delivery of advanced online and offline serving systems, enablingseamless and reliable ML model predictions and personalized user experiences.You’ll collaborate cross-functionally with Product, Data Science, and MLEngineering to architect scalable solutions with clear domain boundaries,advance feature engineering pipelines, and continuously enhance the performance,efficiency, and impact of our end-to-end machine learning workflows.A typical day * Design and manage end-to-end data workflows to support the ML engineering lifecycle, focusing on preparing data for model training, tracking data lineage, evolving schemas to adapt to changing needs, and ensuring data integrity and reliability in production. * Prototype new ideas and influence the serving strategy * Build and optimize real-time serving systems to deliver low-latency, high-throughput APIs for model predictions and personalized recommendations, ensuring reliable and scalable performance in production environments. * Collaborate with other product engineers and cross-functional partners to develop new Host pricing functionality and surface model recommendations, insights and analytics * Contribute to the development of long-term workflow strategies, roadmaps and ML serving development within the Host Pricing organization. * Mentor and coach team members, providing guidance in ML serving and data engineering best practices and support to enhance their skills and performance. * Ability to work in areas outside of your usual comfort zone and show motivation for personal growth Your expertise * 9+ years of experience with a BS/Masters or 4+ years with a PhD * You have experience leading teams, setting technical direction, building & launching high-impact models * You have experience influencing partners as well as other engineering teams * You exhibit strong ownership and experience building and operating high-scale, distributed systems across the full software life cycle. * You have excellent communication skills and the ability to work well within a team and across engineering teams. * Expertise in large-scale distributed data processing frameworks like Presto or Spark. * Prior experience with the whole lifecycle of productionalization of ML models, including ETL pipelines for data training, feature generation, model evaluation and real-time serving. * You are a strong problem solver and have solid production debugging skills. Remote- USAThis position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work atan Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager.While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb,Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excludedstates. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if thestate you live in is on the exclusion list . If your position is employed byanother Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you areeligible to work from.Our Commitment To Inclusion & BelongingAirbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. Webelieve diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attractcreatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions.All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interviewprocess. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonableaccommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at:reasonableaccommodations@airbnb.com. Please include your full name, the roleyou’re applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with therecruiting process.We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disabilityprevents you from being able to complete our online application.How We'll Take Care Of YouOur job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay isdependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, workexperience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject tochange and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible forbonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.Pay Range$204,000—$255,000 USDShow more Show less