# Senior Backend Engineer

**Company:** ZENDESK
**Location:** 
**Score:** 25 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Job DescriptionAs a Senior Backend Engineer at Zendesk AI Agents you'll play a key role inshaping and building our backend, collaborating closely with our ProductManager, AI and Machine Learning Engineers, Frontend developers, and the broadertech team to deliver groundbreaking features focused on speed and reliability.We at AI Agents are revolutionizing the chatbot landscape with Gen3, acutting-edge AI Agent system that's pushing the boundaries of conversational AI.Gen3 is not your typical chatbot; it's a goal-oriented, dynamic, and trulyconversational system capable of reasoning, planning, and adapting to user needsin real-time. By leveraging a multi-agent architecture and advanced languagemodels, Gen3 delivers personalized and engaging user experiences, moving beyondscripted interactions to handle complex tasks and "off-script" inquiries withease.The Self Service tribe’s mission is to eliminate operational bottlenecks incustomer onboarding, ensuring seamless and scalable adoption of AI agents. Bydeveloping a robust, self-service onboarding experience for all Zendeskcustomers, we will empower users and drive the unification of AI products acrossZendesk’s platform.As an engineer on this tribe, you'll be at the forefront of this excitingtechnology, contributing to a product that's redefining how businesses and usersinteract. You will have full responsibility to build, test, and iterate rapidlyto bring high-quality AI products to our massive user base at an unparalleledscale.Join us in revolutionizing the chatbot/agent landscape and be part of a teamthat's shaping the future of AI interactions.Key Responsibilities * Maintain and develop components and services together with your team * Architect and implement complex applications, using well accepted design patterns leveraging our AI to transform the customer service industry. * Craft and maintain high traffic services and APIs in a team of experienced software engineers. * Anticipate future use cases and developments to strategize and design a microservice infrastructure that connects to multiple third party systems. * Improve our code base and processes and develop new product features. * Become part of the backend chapter, a community where everyone has an impact on the architecture of the system. From gathering feedback on your designs, educating others about patterns you are an expert in, to owning complex, cross-team tech initiatives. * Stay up to date on industry trends, helping drive us to innovate, learn and experiment with new tools and technologies to continuously What you bring to the roleWe’re looking for a communicative, experienced engineer who takes pride inproducing disruptive technology products, built upon logical, simple andeffective solutions to complex issues. * Experience with NodeJS (ES7), MongoDB, Typescript. * Skills and confidence in writing robust code to build high-performing applications * Knowledgeable on microservices architecture, design patterns and best practices * Ability to create fast database queries for large amounts of data. * A positive, pro-active team player who is passionate about their craft, is keen to take part in product discussions, and cares about helping the team deliver. * You enjoy coaching and enabling others and are a natural motivator and enthusiastic mentor. * Reliable and transparent engineering, regularly unit testing and documenting your work. * You foster and champion a culture of continuous feedback and utilize it as a tool for growth * Drive for continuous learning, with the ability to get up to speed with new systems and concepts quickly. * Good communication skills, high proficiency in English with the ability to adapt communication style to given audience and situation. Our tech StackTypeScript, MongoDB, Elasticsearch , Google Pub/Sub , Sentry, Redis, Kubernetes,Terraform, Argocd, Grafana, GitHubInterview ProcessWe are excited to learn more about you, so we want to be transparent about whatyou can expect from our interview process: * Initial Call with Talent Team - 15 mins * Interview with one member of the Hiring Team - 45 minutes * Take-home technical challenge * A technical interview with two of our developers to talk more in-depth about your technical experience and answer any questions you might have - 1 hour * Final interview with 2 of the following: CTO or Engineering Manager/Director - 45 minutes Hybrid: In this role, our hybrid experience is designed at the team level togive you a rich onsite experience packed with connection, collaboration,learning, and celebration - while also giving you flexibility to work remotelyfor part of the week. This role must attend our local office for part of theweek. The specific in-office schedule is to be determined by the hiring manager.The Intelligent Heart Of Customer ExperienceZendesk software was built to bring a sense of calm to the chaotic world ofcustomer service. Today we power billions of conversations with brands you knowand love.Zendesk believes in offering our people a fulfilling and inclusive experience.Our hybrid way of working, enables us to purposefully come together in person,at one of our many Zendesk offices around the world, to connect, collaborate andlearn whilst also giving our people the flexibility to work remotely for part ofthe week.As part of our commitment to fairness and transparency, we inform all applicantsthat artificial intelligence (AI) or automated decision systems may be used toscreen or evaluate applications for this position, in accordance with Companyguidelines and applicable law.Zendesk is an equal opportunity employer, and we’re proud of our ongoing effortsto foster global diversity, equity, & inclusion in the workplace. Individualsseeking employment and employees at Zendesk are considered without regard torace, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, gender, gender identity,gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition,ancestry, disability, military or veteran status, or any other characteristicprotected by applicable law. We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer. If youare based in the United States and would like more information about your EEOrights under the law, please click here.Zendesk endeavors to make reasonable accommodations for applicants withdisabilities and disabled veterans pursuant to applicable federal and state law.If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonableaccommodation to submit this application, complete any pre-employment testing,or otherwise participate in the employee selection process, please send ane-mail to peopleandplaces@zendesk.com with your specific accommodation request.Show more Show less