# Staff Software Engineer, Credit Execution

**Company:** THE VOLEON GROUP
**Location:** 
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Voleon is a technology company that applies state-of-the-art AI and machinelearning techniques to real-world problems in finance. For nearly two decades,we have led our industry and worked at the frontier of applying AI/ML toinvestment management. We have become a multibillion-dollar asset manager, andwe have ambitious goals for the future.As a Staff Software Engineer on our Credit Execution Engineering team, you willbe developing the company's production trading systems and data pipelines. Youwill be expected to work closely with both our finance and research teams tocontribute to a platform that supports a diverse set of requirements and complextrading behaviors.Your TeamWe look for responsible people with a passion for solving problems. You’ll workin a collaborative environment that encourages creative thinking and efficientimplementation. We embrace experimentation. You’ll work alongside experiencedengineers recruited from leading technology companies and universities. You andyour team will collaborate closely with top machine learning researchers.Your colleagues will include internationally recognized experts in artificialintelligence and machine learning research as well as highly experienced financeand technology professionals. The people who shape our company come from otherbackgrounds, including concert music performances, humanitarian aid, operasinging, sports writing, and BMX racing. You will be part of a team that lovesto succeed together.In addition to our enriching and collegial working environment, we offer highlycompetitive compensation and benefits packages, technology talks by our experts,a beautiful modern office, daily catered lunches, and more.Responsibilities * Design real-time distributed trading systems that place orders across global markets and asset classes (Go) * Own observability and remediation tooling used to analyze trading performance and risk (Go / Python) * Integrate with new assets and markets and drive clarity on the resulting requirements * Improve the resilience and performance of our trading systems * Develop tooling to integrate data from diverse vendors * Lead complex projects spanning across the company. Collaborate across research, legal, trading, finance operations data, and infra teams to deliver end-to-end trading systems * Mentor and develop other engineers on the team, and share your practices and knowledge with the team and company Requirements * Computer Science Degree or equivalent experience * 7+ years of software engineering experience building high-performance systems * Experience operating and scaling mission-critical, large-scale production systems in languages such as Python and Go * Excellent communication and project management skills in complex technical domains * Ability to understand user stories and design solutions around real-world requirements * Track record mentoring engineers and leading technical direction Preferred Qualifications * Expertise in building and optimizing data pipelines * Experience with profiling and performance optimizations on highly available systems * Experience with designing DR-aware robust software solutions * Exposure to modern Python data science tooling CompensationThe base salary range for this position is $270,000 to $300,000 in thelocation(s) of this posting. Individual salaries are determined through avariety of factors, including, but not limited to, education, experience,knowledge, skills, and geography. Base salary does not include other forms oftotal compensation, such as bonus compensation and other benefits. Our benefitspackage includes medical, dental, and vision coverage, life and AD&D insurance,20 days of paid time off, 9 sick days, and a 401(k) plan with a company match.“Friends of Voleon” Candidate Referral ProgramIf you have a great candidate in mind for this role and would like to have thepotential to earn $15,000 if your referred candidate is successfully hired andemployed by The Voleon Group, please use this form to submit your referral. Formore details regarding eligibility, terms, and conditions, please make sure toreview the Voleon Referral Bonus Program .Equal Opportunity EmployerThe Voleon Group is an Equal Opportunity employer. Applicants are consideredwithout regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, age, sex,gender, marital status, sexual orientation and identity, genetic information,veteran status, citizenship, or any other factors prohibited by local, state, orfederal law.We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiringprocess. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace humanjudgement. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you wouldlike more information about how your data is processed, please contact us.Show more Show less