# Principal Software Engineer

**Company:** ORACLE
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 41 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Job DescriptionAt Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI), we build the future of the cloud forEnterprises as a diverse team of fellow creators and inventors. We act with thespeed and attitude of a start-up, with the scale and customer-focus of theleading enterprise software company in the world.Values are OCI’s foundation and how we deliver excellence. We strive for equity,inclusion, and respect for all. We are committed to the greater good in ourproducts and our actions. We are constantly learning and taking opportunities togrow our careers and ourselves. We challenge each other to stretch beyond ourpast to build our future.You are the builder here. You will be part of a team of really smart, motivated,and diverse people and given the autonomy and support to do your best work. Itis a dynamic and flexible workplace where you’ll belong and be encouraged.We are addressing exciting challenges at the intersection of artificialintelligence and cutting-edge cloud infrastructure. We are building platform forAI/ML evaluation & benchmarking and revolutionizing how high-quality syntheticdata generation works. We are working at the forefront of Generative AI (GenAI)landscape working with teams across Oracle on multi-modal data generation andleading the framework for Responsible AI (RAI) across Oracle.ResponsibilitiesKey Responsibilities: * Design and develop AI software in Java, Python, and other languages. * Participate in the entire software lifecycle – development, testing, CI/CD and production operations * Participate in the entire model development cycle - training, fine-tuning, model serving, evaluation/benchmarking and human preference learning. * Apply engineering principles for defining robust and maintainable architectures and designs. * Build cloud service on top of the modern Infrastructure as Service (IaaS) building blocks at OCI * Design and build distributed, scalable, fault tolerant software systems to facilitate development of GenAI models. * Identify requirements, scope solutions, estimate work, schedule deliverables. Help establish and drive the adoption of outstanding coding standards and patterns and help enhance our inclusive engineering culture. * Contribute to publications, blogs and open source ML performance submissions partnering with product managers * Balance between product feature development and production operational concerns like ops automation, structured logging, instrumentation for metrics and participating in on-call. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications * BS or MS degree in computer science, or equivalent * 6-10+ years of developing and shipping enterprise distributed and/or cloud native systems * Strong grasp of system design fundamentals and distributed systems architectural best practices * Demonstrated ability to write great code in Java, Python, or similar OO languages * Experienced at building highly available services, possessing knowledge of common service-oriented design patterns and service-to-service communication protocols * Experience with containers and container orchestration technologies (Kubernetes, Docker) * Strong desire to make an impact and thrive in collaborative and energetic environments * Ability to effectively communicate technical concepts verbally and through design aspects Preferred Skills and Experience: * Data science and machine learning knowledge would be helpful, but not required * Production experience with Cloud and ML technologies * Experience working in the below areas and algorithms will be ideal but not mandatory: * Generative AI Modeling: Customizing LLM's, build and deploy LLM's at scale for large scale data generation * Algorithms: Transformer models, Attention mechanism, Prompt tooling QualificationsDisclaimer:Certain US customer or client-facing roles may be required to comply withapplicable requirements, such as immunization and occupational health mandates.Range and benefit information provided in this posting are specific to thestated locations onlyUS: Hiring Range in USD from: $96,800 - $223,400 per year. May be eligible forbonus and equity.Oracle maintains broad salary ranges for its roles in order to account forvariations in knowledge, skills, experience, market conditions and locations, aswell as reflect Oracle’s differing products, industries and lines of business.Candidates are typically placed into the range based on the preceding factors aswell as internal peer equity.Oracle US offers a comprehensive benefits package which includes the following: * Medical, dental, and vision insurance, including expert medical opinion * Short term disability and long term disability * Life insurance and AD&D * Supplemental life insurance (Employee/Spouse/Child) * Health care and dependent care Flexible Spending Accounts * Pre-tax commuter and parking benefits * 401(k) Savings and Investment Plan with company match * Paid time off: Flexible Vacation is provided to all eligible employees assigned to a salaried (non-overtime eligible) position. Accrued Vacation is provided to all other employees eligible for vacation benefits. For employees working at least 35 hours per week, the vacation accrual rate is 13 days annually for the first three years of employment and 18 days annually for subsequent years of employment. Vacation accrual is prorated for employees working between 20 and 34 hours per week. Employees working fewer than 20 hours per week are not eligible for vacation. * 11 paid holidays * Paid sick leave: 72 hours of paid sick leave upon date of hire. Refreshes each calendar year. Unused balance will carry over each year up to a maximum cap of 112 hours. * Paid parental leave * Adoption assistance * Employee Stock Purchase Plan * Financial planning and group legal * Voluntary benefits including auto, homeowner and pet insurance The role will generally accept applications for at least three calendar daysfrom the posting date or as long as the job remains posted.Career Level - IC4About UsAs a world leader in cloud solutions, Oracle uses tomorrow’s technology totackle today’s challenges. We’ve partnered with industry-leaders in almost everysector—and continue to thrive after 40+ years of change by operating withintegrity.We know that true innovation starts when everyone is empowered to contribute.That’s why we’re committed to growing an inclusive workforce that promotesopportunities for all.Oracle careers open the door to global opportunities where work-life balanceflourishes. We offer competitive benefits based on parity and consistency andsupport our people with flexible medical, life insurance, and retirementoptions. We also encourage employees to give back to their communities throughour volunteer programs.We’re committed to including people with disabilities at all stages of theemployment process. If you require accessibility assistance or accommodation fora disability at any point, let us know by emailingaccommodation-request_mb@oracle.com or by calling +1 888 404 2494 in the UnitedStates.Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicantswill receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color,religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disabilityand protected veterans’ status, or any other characteristic protected by law.Oracle will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest andconviction records pursuant to applicable law.Show more Show less