# Staff Software Engineer - Developer Experience Code Infrastructure

**Company:** REDDIT, INC.
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Reddit is a community of communities. It’s built on shared interests, passion,and trust, and is home to the most open and authentic conversations on theinternet. Every day, Reddit users submit, vote, and comment on the topics theycare most about. With 100,000+ active communities and approximately 116 milliondaily active unique visitors, Reddit is one of the internet’s largest sources ofinformation. For more information, visit www.redditinc.com.The mission of the Developer Experience org is to design, develop, and supporttools and processes that make common developer workflows efficient and reliable.This role is specific to the Code Infrastructure team, which owns sourcecontrol, code review, code search, build infrastructure, continuous integration,and a subset of related internal developer tools.In this Staff Engineer role, you will be directly responsible for cultivatingthe developer experience, from initial code creation to the final builtartifact. You’ll draw on your technical expertise and leadership skills toensure our developer tooling is smooth, easy to use, and provides maximum valueto an ever growing engineering organization. You’ll look for ways to engage withthe engineering org, strive to understand users' pain points and perspectives,and incorporate their feedback into designs and plans.Some Of Our Present And Future Challenges Include * Scaling Reddit’s build infrastructure, code review experience, self-hosted code storage infrastructure, and other tools to serve a growing Reddit Engineering organization. * Designing and instrumenting the next evolution of Reddit’s build and continuous integration tooling. * Architecting and building an integrated SDLC platform to reduce the length of feedback cycles. * Making writing, linting, reviewing, testing, and shipping code easy. * Improving the code review experience for every developer at Reddit. * Building a solid understanding of customer’s needs, identifying opportunities to improve developer efficiency, confidence, and service reliability, and executing on those opportunities. * Integrating novel technologies (e.g. Generative AI) to solve problems for our developers with flexibility to adapt to a rapidly changing technological landscape. What You’ll Do * Steer: Work with the team to select, scope, and drive high leverage projects that accelerate development to help Reddit achieve its goals. * Build: Execute on a strategy to create a developer experience that reduces toil and provides faster and higher quality feedback around all parts of the SDLC, including source control, builds, testing, code review, code integration, knowledge search, and more. * Amplify: Mentor, coach, and collaborate with other technical contributors. * Collaborate: Work together with a variety of cross functional teams across Reddit Engineering. * Evolve: Learn and improve your own technical and non-technical abilities. You Have * 7+ years of experience identifying, driving, and executing high impact projects that align with the company’s strategy. * 5+ years of experience working in developer experience, infrastructure, or platform teams, and experience working on developer tools, libraries, and frameworks. * 5+ years of industry experience in large-scale distributed systems and experience developing and improving highly scalable and reliable systems. * Experience with CI / CD tools (Drone, BuildKite, Github Actions, Bazel, Argo Workflows/Rollouts/CD, Temporal, and other adjacent tools). * Experience with Kubernetes and cloud providers (AWS, GCP). * A track record of leading large scale technical projects that require cross-team and cross-functional collaboration. * The ability to disambiguate complex problems, align stakeholders, and aggressively prioritize to execute on projects effectively. * Excellent communication skills that you employ to drive toward consensus, navigate disagreements, influence decisions and priorities, and empower others. * A strong sense of empathy, curiosity, and humility that drive a desire to deeply understand developer pain points, continuously improve systems, and ultimately deliver a delightful user experience. * A history of mentorship and technical leadership. Bonuses * Go experience. * Experience with GraphQL, REST, HTTP, gRPC. * Experience with Github Enterprise Server. * Experience with mobile client CI/CD challenges (Bitrise, MacStadium, Orka, Gradle). * Experience designing and implementing platforms. * Experience with multi-region, multi-provider deployments. Benefits * Comprehensive Healthcare Benefits and Income Replacement Programs * 401k with Employer Match * Global Benefit programs that fit your lifestyle, from workspace to professional development to caregiving support * Family Planning Support * Gender-Affirming Care * Mental Health & Coaching Benefits * Flexible Vacation & Paid Volunteer Time Off * Generous Paid Parental Leave Pay TransparencyThis job posting may span more than one career level.In addition to base salary, this job is eligible to receive equity in the formof restricted stock units, and depending on the position offered, it may also beeligible to receive a commission. Additionally, Reddit offers a wide range ofbenefits to U.S.-based employees, including medical, dental, and visioninsurance, 401(k) program with employer match, generous time off for vacation,and parental leave. To learn more, please visithttps://www.redditinc.com/careers/.To provide greater transparency to candidates, we share base pay ranges for allUS-based job postings regardless of state. We set standard base pay ranges forall roles based on function, level, and country location, benchmarked againstsimilar stage growth companies. Final offer amounts are determined by multiplefactors including, skills, depth of work experience and relevantlicenses/credentials, and may vary from the amounts listed below.The Base Pay Range For This Position Is$217,000—$303,900 USDIn select roles and locations, the interviews will be recorded, transcribed andsummarized by artificial intelligence (AI). You will have the opportunity to optout of recording, transcription and summarization prior to any scheduledinterviews.During the interview, we will collect the following categories of personalinformation: Identifiers, Professional and Employment-Related Information,Sensory Information (audio/video recording), and any other categories ofpersonal information you choose to share with us. We will use this informationto evaluate your application for employment or an independent contractor role,as applicable. We will not sell your personal information or disclose it to anythird party for their marketing purposes. We will delete any recording of yourinterview promptly after making a hiring decision. For more information abouthow we will handle your personal information, including our retention of it,please refer to our Candidate Privacy Policy for Potential Employees andContractors.Reddit is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and is committed tobuilding a workforce representative of the diverse communities we serve. Redditis committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individualswith disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If,due to a disability, you need an accommodation during the interview process,please let your recruiter know.Show more Show less