# Principal Engineer, Full Stack Developer (R3960)

**Company:** SHIELD AI
**Location:** 
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Founded in 2015, Shield AI is a venture-backed deep-tech company with themission of protecting service members and civilians with intelligent systems.Its products include the V-BAT and X-BAT aircraft, Hivemind Enterprise, and theHivemind Vision product lines. With nine offices and facilities across the U.S.,Europe, the Middle East, and the Asia-Pacific, Shield AI’s technology activelysupports operations worldwide. For more information, visit www.shield.ai. FollowShield AI on LinkedIn , X , Instagram , and YouTube .JOB DESCRIPTION:The Special Projects team at Shield AI is an elite force within the office ofthe CTO. It consists of a group of very senior (L5-L8) and highly experiencedsoftware engineering experts from diverse fields (aerospace, robotics, cloudinfrastructure, game development, interactive media design, ...). The charter ofthis group is to steer technology development towards strategic alignment withthe CTO’s vision, through tactical insertion into teams and technologies acrossthe organization. Individuals within this team make direct and at timesforward-sprinting contributions to all three pillars of Hivemind, Shield AI’ssoftware ecosystem for developing and deploying resilient intelligent teamingfor aircrafts. Hivemind consists of four products: EdgeOS (C++ basedhigh-performance middleware for autonomy development), Pilot (autonomy for theedge built atop EdgeOS; a models-based, modular and open architecture C++codebase), Forge (Shield AI's AI Factory for the design, development, andtesting of Hivemind Edge systems; a service-oriented architecture leveragedthrough an SDK, CLI, and web portal; a Go, Python, Typescript codebase),Commander (Software and hardware to support rich human-in-the-loop andhuman-on-the-loop interactions with the Hivemind; a C++-based back-end forinteraction with Pilot; and a web-application UI for mission planning, commandand control by operators implemented in a Typescript/React codebase).The Special Projects team is chartered to operate effectively within ambiguity.While this team does not own any software products, it tactically andstrategically impacts the development of all foundational Hivemind products andleverages those technologies to rapidly deliver low-TRL solutions. This workhappens should-to-shoulder with the product teams in some cases, and in aforward-sprinting manner within the Special Projects team in other cases. Theresult is direct contribution to products in the formercase, and development ofreference implementations in the latter. The Special Projects team alsofunctions as a pipeline for product and solution engineering teams across theorganization. Individuals who enter the Special Projects team rapidly gain depthand breadth in their understanding of the Hivemind software ecosystem. Thispositions them well for leading technology development effort across the productand solution organization.What You'll Do: * Design and prototype generative AI experience focused on accelerating autonomy development * Work closely with members of the Office of the CTO to crystallize the vision of the Hivemind product and its documentation * Lead the user experience design of Hivemind Generative AI * Work closely with the technical leads of Hivemind Commander (mission planning, command and control, air-ground communications) and Hivemind Design (configurations, test and evaluation, rehearsal, analysis) to enhance the user experience of their products * Conduct user research to understand user personae and their needs * Investigate competing products and their user experiences, synthesize findings to present to engineering and product leadership Required Qualifications: * 15+ years experience developing large, production quality software systems. * Excellent grasp of software development and coding principles with high productivity in a mainstream language (e.g. Typescript, C++, Go, Python, etc.). * Strong knowledge of modern software engineering best practices; Experience with Git and code management tools; Good software hygiene regarding code documentation, unit testing, bug tracking. * 5+ years of experience with React/Node/Typescript/Javascript development. * Deep familiariry with Client and UI state management; best practises and strategies, as they apply to React-based rendering. * 5+ years of experience with Web applications development ("Front-End" or "Full-stack"). * Good understanding of the Document-Object Model (DOM), browser APIs, standards, and semantics. * Websockets, HTTP Streaming and Server-Sent Events (SSE). * Multi-modal input handling (text, files, images, audio). * Advanced SPA routing, URL-based state persistence, and sharing mechanisms. * Seamless content loading states and progressive rendering techniques. * Fluid intelligence that allows one to operate effectively in sometimes ambiguous conditions, while finding opportunities to drive technical efforts and force multiply. * Experience with Linux, Docker, and CI/CD environments. * Hands-on experience with a major cloud platform (Azure, GCP, AWS). * Experience with Electron (or similar). * This role requires travel to a Shield AI location 1-3 times per quarter Preferred Qualifications: * Experience with geospatial data and WebGL. * Experience with Playwright UI testing * Building debugging/inspection UIs for generative AI systems * Experience with client-side LLM Context Management * Experience with user experience design video games * Experience designing for “Low Code” or “No Code” systems * Experience and/or comfort reading C++ and/or Python and/or Typescript $220,000 - $330,000 a year#LFFull-time regular employee offer package:Pay within range listed + Bonus + Benefits + EquityTemporary employee offer package:Pay within range listed above + temporary benefits package (applicable after 60days of employment)Salary compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but notlimited to skill set, level of experience, licenses and certifications, andspecific work location. All offers are contingent on a cleared background andpossible reference check. Military fellows and part-time employees are noteligible for benefits. Please speak to your talent acquisition representativefor more information.###Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmativeaction employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless ofrace, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age,marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have adisability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiringprocess, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessingresponses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace humanjudgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you wouldlike more information about how your data is processed, please contact us.Show more Show less