# Senior Backend Engineer, AI Team

**Company:** ACORNS
**Location:** United States 49 minutes ago
**Score:** 44 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

At Acorns, our mission is to look after the financial best interests of theup-and-coming, beginning with the empowering, proud step of micro-investing. Howdo we accomplish our mission? Our values.Lead With Heart - With compassion, integrity, and tenacity, inspire yourself andothers to move past all previous thresholds of possibilityMake Bold Decisions - We are creating a new world. Be optimistic, adventurous,and courageous. Leap fearlessly into the futureAlways Build Trust - Say what you mean, mean what you say, and do what you sayyou’re going to do. We are all owners. We are one teamNever Stop Growing - Change IS the constant. Stay hungry and curious. Berelentless in the pursuit of progressFind a way - Never settle, no excuses, nothing is impossible. Just make ithappenOur values guide us, and our mission drives us. Come join us and help deliverfinancial wellness for the whole family, putting the tools of wealth-making intoeveryone’s hands.___________________________________________________________________________Sr. Software Engineer (AI Team) | AcornsAcorns is seeking a Senior Software Engineer to join our AI team! Are youpassionate about cutting-edge AI technologies? Do you thrive in an environmentwhere your skills can redefine customer experiences and positively impact lives?Join Acorns as we build the future of Fintech with a customer service virtualagent that’s as empowering as our mission.You will harness the power of AI to design a virtual agent that redefinescustomer support by providing personalized, real-time assistance. You willutilize proprietary data to create intelligent, empathetic solutions thatempower our users to make informed financial decisions. Playing a pivotal role,you'll help shape a product that embodies our core values of benevolence andcourage, transforming customer service into an uplifting and impactfulexperience.Acorns is a remote-first organization, offering the flexibility to work remotelywhile providing optional access to office space in Irvine, CA.What You Will Do At Acorns * Understand Acorns’ mission, vision, strategic objectives, and fintech industry knowledge while building relationships with team members, stakeholders, and cross-functional teams. * Review and analyze proprietary datasets, existing Vector database architecture, pipelines, and tools to identify gaps and propose improvements. * Contribute to key customer-facing projects, debugging and enhancing models, scaling pipelines, and delivering the virtual support bot MVP to production. * Collaborate with cross-functional teams to align AI efforts with business goals, mentor junior team members, and drive innovation through LLM capabilities. * Optimize data pipelines, establish scalable monitoring processes, and develop a roadmap for innovation aligned with fintech objectives. What You Will Bring To Acorns * Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Data Science, Statistics, or a STEM-related field * 5+ years of total software engineering experience * 3+ years of experience in artificial intelligence, data science, or machine learning engineering * 3+ years of experience with modern cloud computing technologies, such as AWS, Bedrock, Sagemaker, Databricks, or Kubernetes * Foundational knowledge with Generative AI, Transformer, fine tuning LLM, Search ranking, RAG improvement, and LLM Agent * Experience tuning neural networks on custom datasets. * Experience with Huggingface, LangChain, chatbot development * Proficiency in programming languages and analytical tools, such as Python or PyTorch, Pandas, NumPy, SciKit-Learn, Matplotlib * Hunger to deliver game-changing products * Exceptional drive and precision in delivery * A belief that your work is tied to your life's mission * Optimistic about the potential of societal change You are not expected to have experience with all listed requirements. If youfeel passionate about Acorns' mission, vision, and values, please apply.What We Offer * Competitive salary and stock options * A comprehensive benefits package for you and your family * Flexible work location, hours, and paid time off * 401(k) matching * Monthly Acorns account contribution & GoHenry account for your family * Mindfulness and Financial Wellness resources, Headspace and Addition Wealth * Acorns Career Development Program (Ongoing training sessions, development plans, development check-ins, Cornerstone’s online training platform) * Roots Leadership Program for Emerging Leaders * Community week onsite gatherings and various virtual events * Talented and motivated team members who care deeply about one another, our mission, and our customers. * The rare opportunity to create a new world. We inspire one another every day to do meaningful work that solves big societal challenges. About AcornsAcorns is a financial wellness app that helps everyday people and families saveand invest money for the long term. Since 2014, Acorns has grown into a globalcompany with multiple life-stage products serving the needs of kids, teens,adults, and parents. Named one of Time’s “World’s Best Brands of 2024,” Acornshas helped over 14 million people save & invest over $25 billion dollars, muchof it from spare change and small amounts.Management Principles * Managers are constantly raising the bar * Managers ensure all team members have a voice and a path * No surprises - Managers give and receive feedback early and often * Managers continuously assess performance action on concerns quickly * Managers foster a resilient, results-oriented mindset Compensation InformationThe pay range for this position at commencement of employment is expected to bebetween $184,500 and $217,100/year; however, base pay offered may vary dependingon multiple individualized factors, including market location, job-relatedknowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package for thisposition may also include other elements, including a sign-on bonus, equitygrants, and discretionary cash bonus awards in addition to a full range ofmedical, financial, and/or other benefits (including 401(k) eligibility andvarious paid time off benefits, such as vacation, sick time, and parentalleave), dependent on the position offered. Details of participation in thesebenefit plans will be provided if an employee receives an offer of employment.If hired, employee will be in an “at-will position” and the Company reserves theright to modify base salary (as well as any other discretionary payment orcompensation program) at any time, including for reasons related to individualperformance, Company or individual department/team performance, and marketfactors.Work AuthorizationAcorns participates in E-Verify to confirm the employment eligibility of allnewly hired employees. For more information about E-Verify, pleasevisitwww.e-verify.govShow more Show less