# Forward Deployed, Senior Software Engineer

**Company:** KOMODO HEALTH
**Location:** 
**Score:** 39 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

We Breathe Life Into DataAt Komodo Health, our mission is to reduce the global burden of disease. And webelieve that smarter use of data is essential to this mission. That’s why webuilt the Healthcare Map — the industry’s largest, most complete, precise viewof the U.S. healthcare system — by combining de-identified, real-world patientdata with innovative algorithms and decades of clinical experience. TheHealthcare Map serves as our foundation for a powerful suite of softwareapplications, helping us answer healthcare’s most complex questions for ourpartners. Across the healthcare ecosystem, we’re helping our clients unlockcritical insights to track detailed patient behaviors and treatment patterns,identify gaps in care, address unmet patient needs, and reduce the global burdenof disease.As we pursue these goals, it remains essential to us that we stay grounded inour values: be awesome, seek growth, deliver “wow,” and enjoy the ride. AtKomodo, you will be joining a team of ambitious, supportive Dragons with diversebackgrounds but a shared passion to deliver on our mission to reduce the burdenof disease — and enjoy the journey along the way.The Opportunity at Komodo HealthOur Forward Deployed Engineering team is a key part of the Revenue Organization,serving as technical experts who work directly with customers. We leverage ourdeep product knowledge to solve complex challenges, ensuring successfulimplementations and driving customer satisfaction. By bridging the gap betweenour engineering and sales teams, we play a critical role generating revenue andimproving the customer experience.As a Forward Deployed, Senior Software Engineer, you will lead our initiativesto build custom solutions that allow us to fully unlock the potential of ourhealthcare data map and platform capabilities - joining both together to advanceKomodo's full-stack strategy. Your work will be instrumental in creating andimplementing algorithms, API’s, and custom features that enable our customer'suse cases. You will closely collaborate with Data and Product teams to introduceand educate others on best-in-class rigorous methodologies that addressdomain-specific problems to execute deployed solutions. You will foster aculture of trust, transparency, and technical expertise that is founded onconstructive feedback and open evolution in thinking and approaches.Looking back on your first 12 months at Komodo Health, you will haveaccomplished… * Managed, coordinated, and delivered on key projects that advance our ability to bring new Technical and Data Services to market. * Developed a deep understanding of healthcare-specific challenges and introduced innovative algorithms and software techniques that address them. * Partnered with Product, Data, and Engineering teams to develop technical requirements, project roadmaps, and the delivery of robust solutions. * Actively collaborated with team members to solicit requirements and rigorously take command of them. These are the essential job duties you will be responsible for … * Act as a technical subject matter expert, partnering directly with customers to resolve complex issues by designing and implementing technical solutions to ensure they achieve success with our platform. * Serve as a crucial liaison between customers and our engineering teams, helping to shape our product roadmap based on real-world feedback. * Provide technical and engineering leadership and support the development of new technologies within the team and across the enterprise. * Mentor and guide more junior engineers, providing technical leadership and fostering a culture of collaboration and innovation. * Solve a range of complex technical problems or issues, analyzing possible solutions and assessing each using standard procedures. What You Bring To Komodo Health (required) * Deep expertise in software and data or related fields in healthcare and technology. * Extensive experience building scalable, best-in-class solutions that combine theoretical rigor with implementation efficiency. * Demonstrated record of thought leadership and solution design that spans from high-level conceptual frameworks to detailed execution plans. * Strong ability to communicate clearly and openly with both technical and non-technical teams. * Knowledge of large-scale data and computational technologies. * Experience with privacy-preserving database solutions. * Proficiency in programming languages, such as Python or equivalent. * Demonstrated experience in API-driven Engineering and or operations. Strongly Preferred * Experience in life sciences, biotech or healthcare. Additional skills and experience we’d prioritize (nice to have)… * Experience in product or program management. * Experience interacting with, managing, or building with AI agentic workflows * Judgment & Creativity: Applies AI strategically, knowing how to use the right tools at the right time to solve problems or generate new ideas. Uses AI to accelerate feedback loops, test ideas, and make informed decisions faster. * Curiosity & Initiative: Demonstrates curiosity and initiative in exploring new AI tools and workflows relevant to their role. Has developed or shared AI-enhanced workflows, automations, or prompts with others. * Integration & Productivity: Brings a reflexive AI mindset and uses AI as a natural part of their process to iterate, research, and deliver better work. Regularly leverages AI tools such as Notion AI, Perplexity, Claude, or Microsoft Copilot to improve speed, clarity, or creative output. The pay range for each job posting reflects a minimum and maximum range ofannual base pay that we reasonably expect to pay for this position within theUS. We carefully consider multiple business-related factors when determiningcompensation, including job-related skills, work experience, geographic worklocation, relevant training and certifications, business needs and marketdemands.The starting annual base pay for this role is listed below. This position isalso eligible for commissions in accordance with a written agreement or plan.This role may also be eligible for equity awards. In addition, this role iseligible for benefits including, but not limited to, comprehensive health,dental, and vision insurance; flexible time off and holidays; 401(k) withcompany match; disability insurance and life insurance; and leaves of absence inaccordance with applicable state and local laws and regulations and companypolicy.San Francisco Bay Area And New York City$220,000—$253,000 USDAll Other US Locations:$191,000—$220,000 USDKomodo's AI StandardAt Komodo, we're not just witnessing the AI revolution – we're leading it. Thisis a pivotal moment in time, where being first to market with AI transformsindustries and sets the bar. We've already established industry leadership inleveraging AI to revolutionize healthcare, and we expect every team member tocontribute. AI here isn't optional; it's foundational. We expect you tointegrate AI into your daily work – from summarizing documents to automatingworkflows and uncovering insights. This isn't just about efficiency; it's aboutmaking every moment more meaningful, building on trust in AI, and driving ourcollective success.Join us in shaping the future of healthcare intelligence.Where You’ll WorkKomodo Health has a hybrid work model; we recognize the power of choice andimportance of flexibility for the well-being of both our company and ourindividual Dragons. Roles may be completely remote based anywhere in the countrylisted, remote but based in a specific region, or local (commuting distance) toone of our hubs in San Francisco, New York City, or Chicago with remote workoptions.What We OfferPositions may be eligible for company benefits in accordance with Companypolicy. We offer a competitive total rewards package including medical, dentaland vision coverage along with a broad range of supplemental benefits including401k Retirement Plan, prepaid legal assistance, and more. We also offer paidtime off for vacation, sickness, holiday, and bereavement. We are pleased to beable to provide 100% company-paid life insurance and long-term disabilityinsurance. This information is intended to be a general overview and may bemodified by the Company due to business-related factors.Equal Opportunity StatementKomodo Health provides equal employment opportunities to all applicants andemployees. We prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type with regard torace, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics,protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, orany other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws.By submitting your application, you acknowledge that you have read andunderstand Komodo Health’s Privacy Notice for Employees and Contractors.This notice explains how we collect, use, and retain applicant data.Show more Show less