# Senior Software Engineer, Infrastructure (Platform - Compute)

**Company:** COINBASE
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Ready to be pushed beyond what you think you’re capable of?At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom in the world. It’s amassive, ambitious opportunity that demands the best of us, every day, as webuild the emerging onchain platform — and with it, the future global financialsystem.To achieve our mission, we’re seeking a very specific candidate. We want someonewho is passionate about our mission and who believes in the power of crypto andblockchain technology to update the financial system. We want someone who iseager to leave their mark on the world, who relishes the pressure and privilegeof working with high caliber colleagues, and who actively seeks feedback to keepleveling up. We want someone who will run towards, not away from, solving thecompany’s hardest problems.Our work culture is intense and isn’t for everyone. But if you want to build thefuture alongside others who excel in their disciplines and expect the same fromyou, there’s no better place to be.While many roles at Coinbase are remote-first, we are not remote-only. In-personparticipation is required throughout the year. Team and company-wide offsitesare held multiple times annually to foster collaboration, connection, andalignment. Attendance is expected and fully supported.The mission of the Platform Product Group engineers is to build a trusted,scalable and compliant platform to operate with speed, efficiency and quality.Our teams build and maintain the platforms critical to the existence ofCoinbase. There are many teams that make up this group which include ProductFoundations (i.e. Identity, Payment, Risk, Proofing & Regulatory, Finhub),Machine Learning, Customer Experience, and Infrastructure.The Compute team builds and operates the Kubernetes platform at Coinbase, whichis the primary compute orchestration infrastructure for services at Coinbase. Wework towards continuously improving the scalability, reliability, efficiency,and operational experience of using Kubernetes at Coinbase, working closely withthe Routing, Security, Reliability, and Observability teams (among many others).What you’ll be doing (ie. job duties): * Build tooling and automation to make management of our Kubernetes clusters easy and reliable. * Build tooling and automation to improve the developer and operational experience of working with Kubernetes for all users. * Operationalize our Kubernetes platform so that it continues to be automated and self-healing to prevent unnecessary oncall burden. * Develop net-new Kubernetes-related capabilities for service owners at Coinbase (e.g. one off jobs, cron, different deployment strategies, support for EFS, automated right sizing). * Support our customers as they operate critical services for Coinbase in Kubernetes.What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): * You have at least 5+ years of software engineering experience and experience with Kubernetes, or similar compute orchestration systems (e.g. mesos, nomad) * Strong AWS and/or GCP infrastructure knowledge * Ability to build backend services in addition to infrastructure * Ability to hold a high bar for quality, are a self starter, and have strong interpersonal skills * Strong problem solving skills and ability to identify problems, determine their root cause, and see them through to solution * Ability to balance business needs with technical solutions * Has experience scaling backend infrastructureJob #: P74890*Answers to crypto-related questions may be used to evaluate your onchainexperience.Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual basesalary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers fromCoinbase also include bonus eligibility + equity eligibility + benefits(including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Base salary range shown. Total compensation also includes equity and bonuseligibility and benefits:: $180,625 USD - $218,900 USDPlease be advised that each candidate may submit a maximum of four applicationswithin any 30-day period. We encourage you to carefully evaluate how your skillsand interests align with Coinbase's roles before applying.Commitment to Equal OpportunityCoinbase is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicantswill receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color,religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex,gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protectedby applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualifiedapplicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicablefederal, state and local law. For US applicants, you may view the EmployeeRights and the Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their correspondinglinks. Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certainlocations, as required by law. Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individualswith disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of adisability for any part of the employment process, please contact us ataccommodations[at]coinbase.com to let us know the nature of your request andyour contact information. For quick access to screen reading technologycompatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader(free step by step tutorial can be found here).Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and ApplicantsDepending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) andCalifornia Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the dataof job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as partof the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. Bysubmitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of yourdata as required.AI DisclosureFor select roles, Coinbase is piloting an AI tool based on machine learningtechnologies to conduct initial screening interviews to qualified applicants.The tool simulates realistic interview scenarios and engages in dynamicconversation. A human recruiter will review your interview responses, providedin the form of a voice recording and/or transcript, to assess them against thequalifications and characteristics outlined in the job description. For select roles, Coinbase is also piloting an AI interview intelligenceplatform to transcribe and summarize interview notes, allowing our interviewersto fully focus on you as the candidate. The above pilots are for testing purposes and Coinbase will not use AI to makedecisions impacting employment. To request a reasonable accommodation due todisability, please contact accommodations[at]coinbase.com Show more Show less