# Senior Software Engineer, Full-Stack Front-end (SEO Engineering)

**Company:** NERDWALLET
**Location:** 
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

At NerdWallet, we’re on a mission to bring clarity to all of life’s financialdecisions, and every great mission needs a team of exceptional Nerds. We’vebuilt an inclusive, flexible, and candid culture where you’re empowered to grow,take smart risks, and be unapologetically yourself (cape optional). Whetherremote or in-office, we support how you thrive best. We invest in yourwell-being, development, and ability to make an impact because when one Nerdlevels up, we all do.The SEO Engineering team contributes to NerdWallet’s growth engine by buildingtools in Next.js, React.js, and Astro.js leveraging WordPress that enablesSEO-optimized customer experiences. We create applications that empower contentand marketing teams to launch high-traffic, consumer-facing, performant pages atscale. Our efforts are backed by front-end best practices, strong observabilityand a focus on quality. Joining SEO Engineering means working onbusiness-critical, high-impact engineering at the intersection of platform,growth, and consumer experience.We’re looking for a Senior Software Engineer who is a hands-on builder — someonewho can drive technical excellence, front-end performance, and platformscalability while collaborating with stakeholders to shape the future of ourorganic shopping products.This is a front-end role with full-stack elements, UI/UX, accessibility, and webperformance. You’ll work on initiatives that enhance Core Web Vitals (CWV),technical SEO, and observability, ensuring our pages are blazing fast,user-friendly, and optimized for discovery. Beyond the front-end, you’ll alsowork on back-end APIs and integrate with Machine Learning systems that powerthese experiences, enabling personalization and data-driven decision-making atscale.As a Senior Software Engineer, you’ll collaborate closely with stakeholders,contribute to best practices, and drive architectural projects that balancespeed, scalability, and long-term maintainability. You’ll be hands-on, writingproduction-quality code, mentoring junior work on both high-quality executionand fast iteration, acting as a multiplier to help the team deliver impact.This role reports to the Senior Manager, Engineering.Where You Can Make An Impact * Shape the future of NerdWallet’s highest-traffic organic pages by improving performance, SEO, and user engagement. * Partner with product, SEO, and data teams to run experiments, measure impact, and iterate quickly. * Take input from and partner directly with engineering leadership to drive technical initiatives to enhance performance, observability, scalability, security, and developer experience. * Contribute to platform stability and resilience through effective monitoring, troubleshooting, and incident management. * Ensure high standards of technical excellence, maintaining a high-quality codebase and modernizing our stack. * Mentor and provide technical guidance to engineering team members, promoting best practices in coding, testing, and architecture. * Conduct code reviews to ensure code quality, performance, and adherence to standards, fostering a culture of continuous improvement within the engineering team. * Stay up-to-date with the latest trends and technologies in the tech and finance industries through a practice of continuous learning and self-improvement. Your ExperienceWe recognize not everyone will meet all of the criteria. If you meet most of thecriteria below and you’re excited about the opportunity and willing to learn,we’d love to hear from you. * Minimum of 5+ years in software engineering, with a strong background in client focused full stack development. * Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field (or equivalent practical experience). * Expert in ES6, TypeScript, Node.js and the web platform; proficient in other modern languages such as Rust, Go, Python, etc. * Expert in modern front-end frameworks such as Astro.js, Nuxt.js, Next.js, React.js, Tailwind, etc. * Deeply knowledgeable about Web Performance, Core Web Vitals & Technical SEO. * Keen eye for design, usability, and user experience. Understanding of accessibility best practices. * Experience in Observability and running a production website or application at scale. * Experience with database systems, microservices architecture, RESTful APIs, IAC, CI/CD and cloud infrastructure (Vercel, AWS, GCP, or Azure). Where * This role will be remote (based in the U.S.). * We believe great work can be done anywhere. No matter where you are based, NerdWallet offers benefits and perks to support the physical, financial, and emotional well being of you and your family. What We OfferWork Hard, Stay Balanced (Life’s a series of balancing acts, eh?) * Industry-leading medical, dental, and vision health care plans for employees and their dependents * Rejuvenation Policy – Flexible Vacation Time Off + 11 holidays + holiday company shutdown * New Parent Leave for employees with a newborn child or a child placed with them for adoption or foster care * Mental health support * Paid sabbatical after 5 years for Nerds to recharge, gain knowledge, and pursue their interests * Health and Dependent Care FSA and HSA Plan with monthly NerdWallet contribution * Monthly Wellness Stipend, Cell Phone Stipend, and Wifi Stipend (Only remote Nerds are eligible for the Wifi Stipend) * Work from home equipment stipend and co-working space subsidy (Only remote Nerds are eligible for these stipends) Have Some Fun! (Nerds are fun, too) * Nerd-led group initiatives – Employee Resource Groups for Parents, Diversity, and Inclusion, Women, LGBTQIA, and other communities * Hackathons and team events across all teams and departments * Company-wide events like NerdLove (employee appreciation) and our annual Charity Auction * Our Nerds love to make an impact by paying it forward – Take 8 hours of volunteer time off per quarter and donate to your favorite causes with a company match Plan for your future (And when you retire on your island, remember the littlepeople) * 401K with 4% company match * Be the first to test and benefit from our new financial products and tools * Financial wellness, guidance, and unlimited access to a Certified Financial Planner (CFP) through Northstar * Disability and Life Insurance with employer-paid premiums If you are based in California, we encourage you to read this importantinformation for California residents linked here.NerdWallet is committed to pursuing and hiring a diverse workforce and is proudto be an equal opportunity employer. We prohibit discrimination and harassmenton the basis of any characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, orlocal law, so all qualified applicants will receive consideration foremployment.NerdWallet will consider qualified applicants with a criminal history pursuantto the California Fair Chance Act and the San Francisco Fair Chance Act, whichrequires this notice, as well as the Los Angeles Fair Chance Act, which requiresthis notice.NerdWallet participates in the Department of Homeland Security U.S. Citizenshipand Immigration Services E-Verify program for all US locations. For moreinformation, please see: * E-Verify Participation Poster (English+Spanish/Español) * Right to Work Poster (English) / (Spanish/Español)Show more Show less