# Senior System Software Engineer, NCCL - Partner Enablement

**Company:** NVIDIA
**Location:** 
**Score:** 85 (Tier C)
**Status:** N/A

---

NVIDIA is leading the way in groundbreaking developments in ArtificialIntelligence, High Performance Computing and Visualization. The GPU, ourinvention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heartof our products and services. Our work opens up new universes to explore,enables amazing creativity and discovery, and powers what were once sciencefiction inventions from artificial intelligence to autonomous cars.Come work for the team that brought to you NCCL, NVSHMEM & GPUDirect. Our GPUcommunication libraries are crucial for scaling Deep Learning and HPCapplications! We are looking for a motivated Partner Enablement Engineer toguide our key partners and customers with NCCL. Most DL/HPC applications run onlarge clusters with high-speed networking (Infiniband, RoCE, Ethernet). This isan outstanding opportunity to get an end to end understanding of the AInetworking stack. Are you ready for to contribute to the development ofinnovative technologies and help realize NVIDIA's vision?What You Will Be Doing * Engage with our partners and customers to root cause functional and performance issues reported with NCCL * Conduct performance characterization and analysis of NCCL and DL applications on groundbreaking GPU clusters * Develop tools and automation to isolate issues on new systems and platforms, including cloud platforms (Azure, AWS, GCP, etc.) * Guide our customers and support teams on HPC knowledge and standard methodologies for running applications on multi-node clusters * Document and conduct trainings/webinars for NCCL * Engage with internal teams in different time zones on networking, GPUs, storage, infrastructure and support. What We Need To See * B.S./M.S. degree in CS/CE or equivalent experience with 5+ years of relevant experience. Experience with parallel programming and at least one communication runtime (MPI, NCCL, UCX, NVSHMEM) * Excellent C/C++ programming skills, including debugging, profiling, code optimization, performance analysis, and test design * Experience working with engineering or academic research community supporting HPC or AI * Practical experience with high performance networking: Infiniband/RoCE/Ethernet networks, RDMA, topologies, congestion control * Expert in Linux fundamentals and a scripting language, preferably Python * Familiar with containers, cloud provisioning and scheduling tools (Docker, Docker Swarm, Kubernetes, SLURM, Ansible) * Adaptability and passion to learn new areas and tools * Flexibility to work and communicate effectively across different teams and timezones Ways To Stand Out From The Crowd * Experience conducting performance benchmarking and developing infrastructure on HPC clusters. Prior system administration experience, esp for large clusters. Experience debugging network configuration issues in large scale deployments * Familiarity with CUDA programming and/or GPUs. Good understanding of Machine Learning concepts and experience with Deep Learning Frameworks such PyTorch, TensorFlow * Deep understanding of technology and passionate about what you do NVIDIA is at the forefront of breakthroughs in Artificial Intelligence,High-Performance Computing, and Visualization. Our teams are composed of driven,innovative professionals dedicated to pushing the boundaries of technology. Weoffer highly competitive salaries, an extensive benefits package, and a workenvironment that promotes diversity, inclusion, and flexibility. As an equalopportunity employer, we are committed to fostering a supportive and empoweringworkplace for all.Your base salary will be determined based on your location, experience, and thepay of employees in similar positions. For Poland: The base salary range is221,250 PLN - 383,500 PLN for Level 3, and 292,500 PLN - 507,000 PLN for Level4.JR1997936Show more Show less