# Senior Software Engineer (Control Plane)

**Company:** SYSDIG
**Location:** 
**Score:** 24 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

At Sysdig, we believe cloud security isn't a compromise - it's a promise. Fromthe start, our mission has been clear: to help organizations secure innovationin the cloud, the right way.We created Falco, the open standard for cloud threat detection, and continue tolead the cloud security market with runtime insights, open innovation, andagentic Al. Creators of technology trusted by over 60% of the Fortune 500,Sysdig gives teams the real-time clarity to move fast and defend what mattersmost.Culture matters here. We believe diversity fuels stronger ideas, and opendialogue drives sharper decisions. Recognized as a Best Place to Work and one ofDeloitte's fastest-growing companies for the past 5 years, we're here to raisethe standard for what cloud security and workplace culture should be.If you have the passion to dig deeper, the desire to challenge convention, andthe curiosity to build something better, Sysdig is the right place for you.What You Will Do * Reporting to the Engineering Manager, you develop scalable APIs and services, collaborating with the team to improve our services for reliability, performance and cost-efficiency. * Think creatively to work within a traffic-intensive and complex data processing environment. * Take full ownership of the software feature lifecycle from initial design through to deployment and operation. * Participate in code reviews, design sessions, and operational support of services the team owns. What You Will Bring With You * Experience with Go in heavy load production environments * Experience building backend services, design APIs, and data processing pipelines using gRPC and asynchronous processing leveraging message brokers (Nats, Kafka, …). * Experience using datastores (Postgres, Redis, Object Storage, OpenSearch, ..) * Knowledge in software design patterns (CQRS, EDA, …) * Experience running services in containerized environments * Proficiency in testing methodologies and automation practices to ensure quality in software delivery. * Analytical approach to decision-making in high-traffic, distributed environments. * A collaborative mindset that values trust, transparency within the team. What We Look For * 5+ years of experience working as Software Engineer * Experience to work in a company with remote-first mindset and with people from different cultures and timezones * Professional fluency in English * Interest in security and observability * Exposure or participation to OSS communities When You Join Sysdig, You Can Expect * Extra days off to prioritize your well-being * Mental health support for you and your family through the Modern Health app * Great compensation package We would love for you to join us! Please reach out even if your experiencedoesn't perfectly match the job description. We can always explore other optionsafter starting the conversation. Your background and passion will set you apart,especially if your career path is different.Sysdig values a diverse workplace and encourages women, people of color,LGBTQIA+ individuals, people with disabilities, members of ethnic minorities,foreign-born residents, and veterans to apply. Sysdig is an equal-opportunityemployer. Sysdig does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation,gender identity, or any other legally protected status.We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiringprocess, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessingresponses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace humanjudgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you wouldlike more information about how your data is processed, please contact us.Show more Show less