# Senior AI Engineering Manager (f/m/n)

**Company:** INPOST
**Location:** 
**Score:** 82 (Tier C)
**Status:** N/A

---

InPost Group is Europe’s leading out-of-home delivery partner, making deliveriessecure and convenient for millions of customers every day in more than 15countries, including Poland, the UK, Italy, Spain, Portugal, and France. Weoperate under two brands: InPost and Mondial Relay.We provide a cost-effective and greener solution for merchants, offeringcustomers greater convenience. At the heart of our business are the AutomatedParcel Machines (aka Parcel Lockers), which we have been designing and producingin-house for years.At InPost Group, we believe that creating and sharing value with ourstakeholders is about more than just financial returns. Thanks to the ParcelLocker delivery model, our growth contributes to the reduction of the carbonfootprint by up to 75% compared to traditional courier deliveries, and we pursuean ambitious ESG program to increase our impact for a more sustainable world.This year, we will be delivering more than 600 million parcels using more than25,000 lockers; our network and parcel volumes consistently grow year on year inevery market we serve.Job DescriptionWe are looking for an experienced AI Engineering Manager who will lead and ownmultiple of our own development teams focused around our consumer AI agenda. Youwill be owning AI Engineering strategy and sparring partner for AI ProductManagers as well as working with company Top Leadership. Working on the leadingedge of existing solutions you will create new ways of working with multi-agentsystems, work with vendors and create software management processes forAI-Native products.Responsibilities: * Lead and manage 3 or 4 teams of multi-disciplinary engineers that are working with AI technologies (Python, Llangsmith, Evals stack, OpenAI, Gemini, Databricks, etc.), providing mentoring, guidance, and support. * Drive innovation and continuous improvement in application system design, architecture, and development processes, leveraging the latest technologies and tools to improve product functionality and customer experience. * Create new best practices and processes for building products with AI-Native technologies -CI/CD with Evals, test-sets, Search subsystems etc. * Work closely with product managers and other stakeholders to define product requirements, develop project plans, and ensure timely delivery of new features and enhancements * Choose and implement best-in-class open source and paid tools for ai-native software -including MCP Servers, A2A communications, CI/CD pipelines and workflows and definitions of agemnts * Manage teams that develop new AI native workflows: implement streaming, long-running tasks, procedural UX, etc. for new AI tasks, finding the balance between state-of-the-art and pragmatism. * Manage the hiring, onboarding, and development of team members, ensure a diverse and inclusive workplace * Communicate effectively with internal and external stakeholders Qualifications * 2+ years of experience leading and managing a high performing Agile development teams, with a deep understanding of Agile principles and methodologies. * Strong leadership and communication skills, with a proven ability to manage and mentor a team of engineers * 7+ years of experience (post-BS/MS) in an engineering role. * Experience with shipping a scaled and impactful product powered by machine learning: how to use offline datasets, online experiments, and recent research to build simple and high performance systems. Prior experience with LLMs and retrieval pipelines is not required. * Track record of shipping reliable products and a strong attention to detail. * Experience building backend platforms that can support multiple product lines. * Grit - experience working at mid-stage startups or owning and shipping in innovative internal projects is a plus. * Professional level of English (B2 min.) Additional InformationWhy Join InPost? * Opportunity to work in a diverse, international, and cross-functional environment, along with leading experts. * You work and learn from a senior leader and her leadership bench, extending your experience and exposure in the e-commerce and logistics industry. * InPost is a growing company that offers its employees an increasing number of opportunities in several locations in Europe. * Fulfilling careers with a range of benefits for employees and investing in providing training opportunities for their development. * You will feel a part of the InPost community that makes an impact on sustainability, convenient deliveries, and circular economy every day.Show more Show less