# Senior Software Engineer

**Company:** PEAR COMMERCE
**Location:** United States 29 minutes ago
**Score:** 32 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Build the Future with Us — EquipmentShare is Hiring a Senior Software EngineerAt EquipmentShare, we’re not just filling a role — we’re assembling the bestteam on the planet to build something that’s never been built before. We’re on amission to transform an industry that’s been stuck in the past by empoweringcontractors and communities through innovative technology, real-time support,and a team that truly cares.We’re hiring a Senior Software Engineer to support our Corporate HQ in Columbia,MO and we are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to help us continue tobuild the next evolution of our data and AI platform in a scalable, performantand customer-centric oriented architecture.Our main tech stack includes : AWS, Kubernetes, Python, Kafka, Flink, Bedrock,Snowflake, OpenSearch, PostgreSQL, TypeScript, ReactIf you have production scale experience in a different stack (Go, Java, Scala,C#, etc.) and are interested in moving to a new stack, we should chat.Salary range: $140k-$175k. Factors including past experience and location mayaffect final compensation rate.What You'll Be DoingWe are typically organized into agile cross-functional teams composed ofEngineering, Analysts, Data Scientists, Product and Design, which allows us todevelop deep expertise and rapidly deliver high-value features and functionalityto our next-generation T3 Platform.You’ll be part of a close-knit team of engineers developing and maintaining ourdata & AI platforms built with automation and self-service in mind to supportanalytics, machine learning and AI data products for the next generation of ourT3 Fleet that enable end-users to track, monitor and manage the health of theirconnected vehicles and deployed assets.We'll be there to support you as you become familiar with our teams, productdomains, tech stack and processes — generally how we all work together.As a Staff Software Engineer you will * Design, build and maintain our data and AI platform to enable automation and self-service for data scientists, machine learning engineers and analysts. * Collaborate with Product Managers, Designers, Engineers, Data Scientists and Data Analysts to take ideas from concept to production at scale. * Exert your passion and use deep and wide thinking to shape the technical direction of the platform. * Collaborate with Analysts, Data Scientists, Product Managers, Designers and Engineers to take ideas from concept to delivery. Balancing the desire to ship code with the responsibility to get it right. * Contribute to our culture improving how we deliver as a team. Helping us to leave things better than we find them and making it easier for us to get stuff done. * Support, coach and mentor Engineers within our team by sharing your insight, knowledge and experience as we learn and grow together. Who You AreYou're a hands-on developer who gets stuck in, you enjoy solving complexproblems and building impactful solutions. Most importantly, you care aboutmaking a difference. * Take the initiative to own outcomes from start to finish — knowing what needs to be accomplished within your domain and how we work together to deliver the best solution. * You have a passion for developing your craft — you understand what it takes to build quality, robust and scalable solutions. * You’ll see the learning opportunity when things don’t quite go to plan — not only for you, but for how we continuously improve as a team. * You take a hypothesis-driven approach — knowing how to source, create and leverage data to inform decision making, using data to drive how we improve, to shape how we evaluate and make platform recommendations. So, what is important to us?Above all, you’ll get stuff done. More importantly, you’ll collaborate to do theright things, in the right way to achieve the right outcomes. * 7+ years of relevant development experience building production grade solutions. * 5+ years leading design of reliable and scalable services and APIs. * Practical production knowledge of SaaS products. * Proficient with a high order object oriented language. (especially Python - open to Go, Java, Scala, C# etc.) * Solid exposure to event driven architectures and high volume data processing. * Practical exposure of CI/CD pipelines for your production services. * Familiarity with public cloud service platforms. * Experience partnering and collaborating with remote teams (across different time zones). * Proven track record in learning new technologies and applying that learning quickly. * Experience building observability and monitoring into applications. Some of the things that would be nice to have, but not required: * Experience with events stream processing, transformation and enrichment using technologies such as Flink and Kafka. * Experience with ML or AI platforms such as Metaflow. * Familiar with containerization and Kubernetes. * Familiar with (IaC) such as Terraform. * Familiar with change data capture (CDC). What We Will Offer YouWe can promise that every day will be a little different with new ideas,challenges and rewards.We’ve been growing as a team and we are not finished just yet— there is plentyof opportunity to shape how we deliver together.Our mission is to enable the construction industry with tools that unlocksubstantial increases to productivity. Together with our team and customers, weare building the future of construction.T3 is the only cloud-based operating system that brings together constructionworkflows & data from constantly moving elements in one place. * Unlimited PTO * Remote first * True work/life balance * Medical, Dental, Vision and Life Insurance coverage * 401(k) + match * Opportunities for career and professional development with conferences, events, seminars and continued education. * On-site fitness center at the Home Office in Columbia, Missouri, complete with weightlifting machines, cardio equipment, group fitness space, racquetball courts, a climbing wall, and much more! * Volunteering and local charity support that help you nurture and grow the communities you call home through our Giving Back initiative. * Stocked break-room and full kitchen with breakfast and lunch provided daily by our chef and kitchen crew. We embrace diversity in all of its forms and foster an inclusive environment forall people to do their best work with us.We're an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered foremployment without attention to ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, genderidentity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversitystatus or disability status.All appointments will be made on merit.A Workplace For AllAt EquipmentShare, we believe the best solutions come from a team that reflectsthe world around us. Our initiative — A Workplace For All — is rooted in thebelief that we must work together to solve some of the toughest problems inconstruction. That means attracting, developing, and retaining great people fromall walks of life.We value different backgrounds, talents, and perspectives. We want you to feellike you belong here — because you do.EquipmentShare is an EOE M/F/D/V.Show more Show less