# Software Developer 3: Senior Software Engineer

**Company:** ORACLE
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Job DescriptionAt Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI), we build the future of the cloud forEnterprises as a diverse team of creators and inventors. We act with the speedand attitude of a start-up, with the scale and customer-focus of the top tierenterprise software company in the world.Values are OCI’s foundation and how we deliver excellence. We strive for equity,inclusion, and respect for all. We are committed to the greater good in ourproducts and our actions. We are constantly learning and taking opportunities togrow our careers and ourselves. We challenge each other to stretch beyond ourpast to build our future.You are the builder here! You will be part of a team of really smart, motivated,and a diverse group of people and given the autonomy and support to do your bestwork. It is a dynamic and flexible workplace where you’ll belong and beencouraged.“Cloud Engineering Infrastructure Development”Are you interested in building large-scale distributed infrastructure systemsfor the cloud? The OCI team is building new technologies that operate at highscale in a broadly distributed, multi-tenant cloud environment. Our customersdepend on our work to run their businesses and our mission is to provide themwith the best in class set of cloud-based services.We are looking for hands-on, distributed systems engineers and architects withexpertise and passion in solving difficult problems within large scale, globalplatforms. If this is you, at Oracle you can design and build innovative newsystems from the ground up. This is an exciting time in our journey - we aregrowing fast, still at an early stage, and working on ambitious new initiatives.An engineer at any level can have significant technical and business impact.The ideal candidate will have proven experience designing, building, andimplementing distributed, cloud-scale systems. You should be both a rock-solidcoder and a distributed systems generalist that is comfortable diving deep intoany part of the stack, including interaction with hardware. You should valuesimplicity and scale, work comfortably in a collaborative, agile environment,and be excited to learn.Minimum Qualifications: * Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent proven experience * 5+ years' experience building and operating large scale, highly available, cloud based distributed systems * Specialist skill in a modern programming language such as Java, C, C++, C#, Go, or Python, with proficiency in additional languages preferred * Validated understanding of operating system fundamentals * Strong understanding of data models and distributed persistence technologies * Thorough understanding of the latest security principles, techniques, and protocols * Strong troubleshooting and performance tuning skills * Proficiency in network, distributed, asynchronous, and concurrent programming * Knowledge of professional software engineering standard methodologies for the full software development process * Experience building and operating scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems * Experience using Amazon Web Services such as EC2, EBS, Lambda, Dynamo and S3 or equivalents * Proven track record to achieve stretch goals in a highly innovative and fast-paced environment * Passion for technical leadership and mentoring * Strong verbal and written communication skills * Strong analytical skills, with excellent problem solving abilities Preferred Qualifications * Experience in Agile/SCRUM enterprise-scale software development * Experience with big data solutions * Direct experience with fleet orchestration for both virtual and containerized workloads * Knowledge of Machine Learning fundamentals * Working familiarity with networking protocols (TCP/IP, HTTP) and standard network architectures * Working familiarity with storage principles, protocols and practices * Working familiarity with building secure software using modern security principles Life at Oracle:We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonableaccommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, toperform crucial job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges ofemployment. Please contact us to request accommodation.Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicantswill receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color,religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disabilityand protected veteran’s status or any other characteristic protected by law.At Oracle, we don’t just value differences—we celebrate them! We’re committed tocreating a workplace where all kinds of people work together. We believeinnovation starts with diversity and inclusion.https://www.oracle.com/corporate/careers/culture/diversity.htmlResponsibilitiesAs a member of the software engineering division, you will assist in definingand developing software for tasks associated with the developing, debugging ordesigning of software applications or operating systems. Provide technicalleadership to other software developers. Specify, design and implement modestchanges to existing software architecture to meet changing needs.QualificationsDisclaimer:Certain US customer or client-facing roles may be required to comply withapplicable requirements, such as immunization and occupational health mandates.Range and benefit information provided in this posting are specific to thestated locations onlyUS: Hiring Range in USD from: $79,200 - $178,100 per year. May be eligible forbonus and equity.Oracle maintains broad salary ranges for its roles in order to account forvariations in knowledge, skills, experience, market conditions and locations, aswell as reflect Oracle’s differing products, industries and lines of business.Candidates are typically placed into the range based on the preceding factors aswell as internal peer equity.Oracle US offers a comprehensive benefits package which includes the following: * Medical, dental, and vision insurance, including expert medical opinion * Short term disability and long term disability * Life insurance and AD&D * Supplemental life insurance (Employee/Spouse/Child) * Health care and dependent care Flexible Spending Accounts * Pre-tax commuter and parking benefits * 401(k) Savings and Investment Plan with company match * Paid time off: Flexible Vacation is provided to all eligible employees assigned to a salaried (non-overtime eligible) position. Accrued Vacation is provided to all other employees eligible for vacation benefits. For employees working at least 35 hours per week, the vacation accrual rate is 13 days annually for the first three years of employment and 18 days annually for subsequent years of employment. Vacation accrual is prorated for employees working between 20 and 34 hours per week. Employees working fewer than 20 hours per week are not eligible for vacation. * 11 paid holidays * Paid sick leave: 72 hours of paid sick leave upon date of hire. Refreshes each calendar year. Unused balance will carry over each year up to a maximum cap of 112 hours. * Paid parental leave * Adoption assistance * Employee Stock Purchase Plan * Financial planning and group legal * Voluntary benefits including auto, homeowner and pet insurance The role will generally accept applications for at least three calendar daysfrom the posting date or as long as the job remains posted.Career Level - IC3About UsAs a world leader in cloud solutions, Oracle uses tomorrow’s technology totackle today’s challenges. We’ve partnered with industry-leaders in almost everysector—and continue to thrive after 40+ years of change by operating withintegrity.We know that true innovation starts when everyone is empowered to contribute.That’s why we’re committed to growing an inclusive workforce that promotesopportunities for all.Oracle careers open the door to global opportunities where work-life balanceflourishes. We offer competitive benefits based on parity and consistency andsupport our people with flexible medical, life insurance, and retirementoptions. We also encourage employees to give back to their communities throughour volunteer programs.We’re committed to including people with disabilities at all stages of theemployment process. If you require accessibility assistance or accommodation fora disability at any point, let us know by emailingaccommodation-request_mb@oracle.com or by calling +1 888 404 2494 in the UnitedStates.Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicantswill receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color,religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disabilityand protected veterans’ status, or any other characteristic protected by law.Oracle will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest andconviction records pursuant to applicable law.Show more Show less