# Senior Software Engineer, Hardware Security

**Company:** GOOGLE
**Location:** 
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Note: Google's hybrid workplace includes remote and in-office roles. By applyingto this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred workinglocation from the following:In-office locations: Sunnyvale, CA, USA; Zürich, Switzerland.Remote location(s): Netherlands.Minimum qualifications: * Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience. * 5 years of experience with software development in one or more programming languages. * 3 years of experience building software for data privacy or security (e.g., identity and access management). * 3 years of experience testing, maintaining, or launching software products. * 1 year of experience with software design and architecture. Preferred qualifications: * Master's degree or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field. * 5 years of experience with data structures and algorithms. * 1 year of experience in a technical leadership role. * Experience developing accessible technologies. About The JobGoogle's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that changehow billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and oneanother. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extendwell beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas fromall areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scalesystem design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence,natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and isgrowing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific projectcritical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects asyou and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to beversatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on newproblems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.For US Applicants: The US base salary range for this full-time position is$166,000-$244,000 + bonus + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determinedby role, level, and location. Within the range, individual pay is determined bywork location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience,and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about thespecific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect thebase salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Learn moreabout benefits at Google .Responsibilities * Take responsibility for the success of security responses, architectural reviews, and improvements for confidential CPU, GPU, and TPU environments. * Lead uArch vulnerability responses as part of a rotation and with the support of a cross-functional team. Drive key responses to microarchitectural vulnerabilities by assessing their impact at Google’s scale and coordinating remediation with internal teams and external vendors. * Research and develop long-term, systematic mitigations—such as robust isolation primitives—to ensure that hardware vulnerabilities never pose a significant risk to the world again. * Partner with internal product teams to design applications that are architecturally resilient to modern hardware threats from day one. * Collaborate deeply with hardware vendors and research institutions to share knowledge, triage impacts, and inform the design of a secure future. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmativeaction employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless ofrace, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age,citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. Wealso consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistentwith legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If youhave a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let usknow by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form .Show more Show less