# Engagement Manager - Automotive

**Company:** CAPGEMINI ENGINEERING
**Location:** 
**Score:** 82 (Tier C)
**Status:** N/A

---

At Capgemini Engineering, the world leader in engineering services, we bringtogether a global team of engineers, scientists, and architects to help theworld’s most innovative companies unleash their potential. From autonomous carsto life-saving robots, our digital and software technology experts think outsidethe box as they provide unique R&D and engineering services across allindustries. Join us for a career full of opportunities. Where you can make adifference. Where no two days are the same.Your RoleWe are looking for an engagement manager that will be responsible for end-to-enddelivery of embedded software projects within the automotive domain. This roleensures seamless execution of projects in alignment with client expectationswhile managing cross-functional teams and stakeholders, while supportingbusiness growth efforts. As Engagement Manager you will be accountable forclient engagement and client satisfaction on a day-to-day basis including scope,time, budget, and quality.In this role you will play a key role in: * Being responsible for building and strengthening client-facing relationships to drive long-term engagement. Act as the primary point of contact for client stakeholders. Manage client expectations, handle escalations, and ensure high customer satisfaction. * Ensuring compliance with engagement delivery requirements (contracted scope, time, budget and quality), Addressing all client requests and concerns * Managing the engagement strategy, Tracking and managing all engagement metrics, Providing regular reporting on engagement performance * Continuously bring value-adding proposals to the customer by leveraging your experience in different delivery models and ways of working. * Engaging and networking with our global Capgemini organisation to ensure the customer is aware of and has access to all our offerings. * Managing complex delivery project setups Problem solving skills & Crisis management skills Your Profile * Extensive experience from the Automotive Industry working with embedded SW, preferably in infotainment systems and Android Automotive applications * Good understanding of financial management and reporting * Proven track record in operational management and in project delivery - Background in managing outcome-based delivery projects to customer. * High level understanding Automotive SW development process and methods. * Excellent communication, stakeholder- and people management skills * Project management certification is a plus What We Believe You Will Enjoy About Working Here * We recognize the significance of flexible work arrangements to provide support. Be it remote work, or flexible work hours, you will get an environment to maintain healthy work life balance. * At the heart of our mission is your career growth. Our array of career growth programs and diverse professions are crafted to support you in exploring a world of opportunities. * We support your personal development and offer an education library with more than 250 000 (!) courses and educations and certifications. ApplicationAs part of our recruitment process, identity verification or background checksmay occasionally be conducted. A valid work permit for Sweden is required.Capgemini is a global business and technology transformation partner, helpingorganizations to accelerate their dual transition to a digital and sustainableworld, while creating tangible impact for enterprises and society. It is aresponsible and diverse group of 340,000 team members in more than 50 countries.With its strong over 55-year heritage, Capgemini is trusted by its clients tounlock the value of technology to address the entire breadth of their businessneeds. It delivers end-to-end services and solutions leveraging strengths fromstrategy and design to engineering, all fueled by its market leadingcapabilities in AI, generative AI, cloud and data, combined with its deepindustry expertise and partner ecosystem.Show more Show less