# Solution Architect - Generative AI and Post-Training, Solution Architect -

**Company:** NVIDIA
**Location:** 
**Score:** 92 (Tier C)
**Status:** discarded

---

NVIDIA’s Worldwide Field Operations (WWFO) team is looking for a SolutionsArchitect with deep expertise Generative AI post-training from data processingto model alignment, with a strong background in Large Language Models (LLMs). Inparticular, we are seeking someone skilled in data preparation and curation forlarge-scale model training, as well as in LLM alignment techniques such asreinforcement learning from human feedback (RLHF) and Supervised Finetuning(SFT).In this role, you will operate at the intersection of innovative AI research andreal-world applications. You will work as the primary technical specialist forNVIDIA customers, helping drive innovation powered by NVIDIA’s hardware andsoftware platform. You will develop proof-of-concept solutions, demonstrateadvanced neural network architectures, and help customers adapt and optimizefoundation models using NVIDIA technologies for their specific domains. A keypart of this role involves close collaboration with a wide range of team membersincluding developers, data scientists, IT managers, and senior executives. Theideal candidate is an experienced AI specialist with a solid foundation in LLMsand expertise across data processing techniques including large scale datacuration, cleaning and Synthetic Data Generation. The candidate should haveconfirmed experience in Large-Scale post-training using supervised fine-tuningand/or Reinforcement Learning techniques. Hands-on experience applyingtechniques related to reinforcement learning for LLM alignment is a nice tohave.What You Will Be Doing * Serve as the primary technical expert to NVIDIA's customers, understanding their technology and providing guidance on post training process in terms of tools and methodology. * Build proof-of-concepts and demonstrations that highlight the power of NVIDIA AI platforms applied to LLMs post training. * Partner with developers, researchers, technology specialists, IT professionals, and executives to facilitate the integration of NVIDIA technology. * Partner with Engineering, Product and Sales teams to develop, plan best suitable solutions for customers. Enable development and growth of product features through customer feedback and proof-of-concept evaluations. What We Need To See * MS/PhD or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Data Science, Electrical/Computer Engineering, Physics, Mathematics, other Engineering fields. * Deep expertise in AI/Deep Learning, with hands-on experience in training and finetuning LLMs. * Expertise with deep learning frameworks for training LLMs (PyTorch, Megatron-LM, Nemo, Transformers, TRL, VeRL) * Excellent verbal, written communication, and technical presentation skills in English. * 6+ years' work or research experience with Python/ C++ / other software development * AI passionate with a growth mindset, ability to collaborate effectively with different teams (Engineering, Product, Sales, Marketing) in a rapid evolving environment while continuously learning and sharing insights. Ways To Stand Out From The Crowd * Familiarity with NVIDIA Nemo Collection (Nemo-Curator, Nemo-RL, Megatron-Bridge). * Track record in data processing as well as running LLM training and customization with Reinforcement Learning approaches. * Understanding of HPC systems: data center architecture high speed interconnect InfiniBand, Cluster Storage and Scheduling related design and/or management experience. Widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers,NVIDIA offers highly competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package.As you plan your future, see what we can offer www.nvidiabenefits.com/NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be anequal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current andfuture employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotionpractices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender,gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status,disability status or any other characteristic protected by law., , JR2008246Show more Show less