# Senior Fullstack Software Engineer - JavaScript / TypeScript

**Company:** RITHUM
**Location:** 
**Score:** 34 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Rithum™ is the world’s most trusted commerce network, accelerating how brands,suppliers, and retailers work together to deliver seamless e-commerceexperiences. We provide an unmatched platform for brands and retailers, enablingthem to accelerate growth, optimize operations across channels, scale productofferings and enhance margins.Today, more than 40,000 companies trust Rithum to grow their business acrosshundreds of channels, representing over $50 billion in annual GMV. Using ourcommerce, marketing, and delivery solutions, our customers create optimizedconsumer shopping journeys from beginning to end.OverviewThe Engineering Team employs some of the top engineering talent who areconstantly working to improve processes, quality and techniques, with the goalof producing the highest quality software solutions in the industry. The linesbetween traditional QA and software engineering are blurred here, with qualitybeing considered at all stages of development.Our team is comprised of very talented and highly motivated individuals, whopride themselves on working smarter, not harder. We’re empowered to make localdecisions, reducing the overhead of getting things done. We aim for operationalexcellence, having a DevOps culture and a “you build it, you run it” mentality.We favor a Lean approach to our product development, following agile workflowssuch as Scrum and Kanban depending on the directive of the team. We welcome newtechnologies and are constantly self-evaluating our tech stack to make sure weare providing software of the highest quality. Continuous Delivery is importantto us, and we are constantly looking to improve our automated testing andcontinuous integration.As a Senior Software Engineer for our Retailers business function, you areresponsible for writing efficient, well-structured, and maintainable code,setting an example for other engineers as a subject matter expert, mentoring andguiding less experienced engineers. You work closely with our lead designers andarchitects to drive our product forward and to ensure the scalability,maintainability and performance of our product suite.Responsibilities * Provide guidance on system architecture decisions, making sure the technical direction aligns with business goals. * Conduct thorough code reviews, ensuring best practices are followed, identifying potential issues, and mentoring junior developers in improving their coding skills. * Provide technical guidance, share knowledge, and help junior and mid-level engineers grow in their roles by reviewing their work and offering constructive feedback. * Work closely with other teams to ensure seamless delivery of software projects and alignment across departments. * Be able to break down large, complex tasks into smaller, manageable components and distribute them among team members. * Play a key role in agile processes, including sprint planning, daily stand-ups, retrospectives, and prioritization of tasks. * Communicate effectively with stakeholders, including product managers, designers, and clients, to clarify requirements and ensure alignment with business objectives. * Handle complex technical challenges, debugging, and resolving issues that may be beyond the scope of junior engineers. * Participate in on-call rotation to support the “you build it you own it” mantra * Understanding and utilization of software development tools including version control, building processes, debuggers, and test frameworks for: * Primary technologies (may include): * Typescript, Angular * JavaScript, Node.js, React.js * Python * AWS services (Lambda, DynamoDB, OpenSearch, Kinesis, API Gateway, Step Functions, and others) * IaC: Terraform, CloudFormation, Serverless * Secondary technologies * AWS services (OpenSearch, Lambda, DynamoDB, Kinesis, RDS, ECS, and others) * SOAP/REST web service APIs * Redis, NoSQL * AWS SageMaker, Glue * Microsoft SQL Server QualificationsMinimum Qualifications * 3+ years' experience developing in Angular, Typescript, JavaScript or Node.js, * 3+ years' experience developing in AWS Technologies * 2+ years of AI/ML experience with a strong technical focus * 2+ years’ experience in Python, TensorFlow/PyTorch, or cloud platforms * Proven leadership in high-impact AI projects, with a history of mentoring team members and developing innovative methods that drive departmental objectives * Strong verbal and written English communication skills * Experience developing web applications, working with databases, and consuming APIs * Understanding of relevant software development tools including version control, build processes and test frameworks * Ability to work independently with limited supervision Preferred Qualifications * Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science or a closely related field * 2+ years of AI/ML experience with a strong technical and strategic focus, with expertise in machine learning algorithms, NLP, computer vision, or large-scale deployment. * 2+ years expertise in machine learning algorithms, NLP, computer vision, or large-scale deployment. * 2+ years' experience in creating data systems for feature stores or vector databases. * Experience with cloud computing infrastructures such as AWS or Azure * Use of source code repositories such as Azure DevOps and Git * Experience working with SQL Server and NoSQL databases * Experience with performance tuning and optimization techniques for high scale systems * Experience working with development teams in multiple time zones * Proven track record of creating secure and scalable software that scales to dozens or hundreds of servers in a distributed, fault tolerant manner * Experience with e-commerce, retail, online marketplaces, or digital advertising * Excellent analytical, decision-making and problem-solving skills * Proven ability to work in a rapidly changing environment with keen attention to detail Travel RequiredUp to 10%Other DutiesPlease note this job description is not designed to cover or contain acomprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities required of theemployee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change atany time with or without notice.What It’s Like To Work At RithumWhen you join Rithum, you can expect to work with smart risk-takers, courageouscollaborators, and curious minds.As part of the Rithum team, you are valued, supported, and included. Guided by atransparent culture and accessible, approachable leadership, we offer careeropportunities aligned to your ambitions and talents. To ensure work and lifebalance works for you, we also offer an array of resources to support you andyour families, including comprehensive benefits and wellness plans.At Rithum You Will * Partner with the leading brands and retailers. * Connect with passionate professionals who will help support your goals. * Participate in an inclusive, welcoming work atmosphere. * Achieve work-life balance through remote-first working conditions, generous time off, and wellness days. * Receive industry-competitive compensation and total rewards benefits. We believe in transparency and fairness in our compensation practices.For this position, the expected base pay range is: $100,000-$185,000 per year.This range represents the base pay for the role across all U.S. locations and isdetermined based on market data, internal equity, and experience. Finalcompensation may vary depending on geographic location, skills, and relevantexperience.In addition to base pay, we offer a discretionary bonus for non-salesroles, a comprehensive benefits package, and, where applicable, salesincentives.For this position, the expected discretionary bonus is 10% of the annual basesalary.Benefits * Medical, dental and vision benefits: Affordable health care plans and company HSA contributions, starting on Day 1 * A 6% 401(k) match * Competitive time off package with 20 days of Paid Time Off, 9 Company-Paid holidays, 2 paid floating holidays, 7 paid sick days, 2 Wellness days, and 1 Paid Volunteer Day; at 3 years of service PTO increases to 22 days, and at 5 years it increases to 25 days * 12 weeks primary caregiver leave & 4 weeks secondary caregiver leave * Accident, critical illness, and hospital indemnity insurance * Pet insurance * Legal assistance and identity theft insurance plans * Life insurance 2x salary * Access to the Calm app and the Employee Assistance Program * $65/month Remote work stipend for internet * Culture and team-building activities * Tuition assistance * Career development opportunities * Charitable contribution match up to $250 per year Rithum is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing anenvironment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are availableto all applicants and teammates without regard to race, religion, color, sex,gender identity, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying physical or mentaldisability, national origin, veteran status or any other protectedcharacteristic. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit,and business need.We're committed to providing reasonable accommodations in accordance with thelaw for qualified applicants. If you require assistance during the interviewprocess due to a medical condition or need support accessing our website orcompleting the application process, please reach out to us by completing theAccommodations Request Form. Your comfort and accessibility are important to us,and we're here to ensure a seamless experience as you explore opportunities withour team.Show more Show less