# Staff Software Engineer (EAA)

**Company:** COINBASE
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 46 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Ready to be pushed beyond what you think you’re capable of?At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom in the world. It’s amassive, ambitious opportunity that demands the best of us, every day, as webuild the emerging onchain platform — and with it, the future global financialsystem.To achieve our mission, we’re seeking a very specific candidate. We want someonewho is passionate about our mission and who believes in the power of crypto andblockchain technology to update the financial system. We want someone who iseager to leave their mark on the world, who relishes the pressure and privilegeof working with high caliber colleagues, and who actively seeks feedback to keepleveling up. We want someone who will run towards, not away from, solving thecompany’s hardest problems.Our work culture is intense and isn’t for everyone. But if you want to build thefuture alongside others who excel in their disciplines and expect the same fromyou, there’s no better place to be.While many roles at Coinbase are remote-first, we are not remote-only. In-personparticipation is required throughout the year. Team and company-wide offsitesare held multiple times annually to foster collaboration, connection, andalignment. Attendance is expected and fully supported. * Team - The Agent Productivity Tools (APT) team is a vital part of Coinbase’s Enterprise Applications and Architecture org, responsible for building the customer experience platforms that streamlines the customer service and compliance processes with innovative services, tools and applications that improve the efficiency and effectiveness of CX agents. This helps resolve customer issues and compliance KYC processes faster, with greater accuracy, and ultimately this leads to higher customer satisfaction levels and a better overall compliant experience for our customers. * Role - You will be building applications that will enable Coinbase Customer Agents and other users to increase their productivity, drive automation, and deliver impact at scale through AI/ML-based technologies.What you’ll be doing * Build complete user features including front and backend using React, Js frameworks, Golang and cloud technologies * Lead assessment and implementation of third-party AI/ML tools. * Deliver cross-functional outcomes to complex problems in collaboration with product, design, security, data or other engineering teams * Demonstrate a keen awareness of Coinbase’s platform, development practices, and various technical domains and build upon them to efficiently deliver improvements across multiple teams. * Participate in an environment where innovative ideas are regularly generated, vetted, and transformed into action. * Foresee potential issues before they arise and adapt their own approach, working within constraints to avoid adverse impact. * Communicate across the company to technical and non-technical leaders with ease. * Quickly distill complex technical themes so that an entry level, non-tech team member can understand them. * Mentor team members in design techniques and best practices in coding, testing, release/deploy process, documentation, metrics/logging and scaling. * Working with teams and teammates across multiple time zones.What we look for in you * You have at least 8 years of experience in software engineering and at least 8 years of experience in developing large scale systems with Golang and cloud technologies and shipping user-facing features with JavaScript and modern, component-based JS frameworks like React. * Proven experience in integrating AI/ML APIs into web applications. * Experience with third-party vendor integrations. * You enjoy and have experience with large-scale, high-traffic platforms and implementing scalable, robust services in the real world. * You have experience in authoring and contributing to technical architecture and implementing them. * Experience in AWS, Kubernetes, Terraform, BuildKite or similar. * Experience in rate limiters, caching, load balancing, circuit breakers, metrics, logging, tracing, debugging etc. * Experience in event driven architectures (Kafka, MQ etc.), proficiency in either SQL or NoSQL DBs, understanding of concepts like gRPC, GraphQL, ETL. * Proficiency in Go.Nice to haves: * Python, Ruby * SaaS platform experience * Applications using OpenAI/ChatGPTG2698Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual basesalary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers fromCoinbase also include bonus eligibility + equity eligibility + benefits(including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Base salary range shown. Total compensation also includes equity and bonuseligibility and benefits:: $218,025 USD - $256,500 USDPlease be advised that each candidate may submit a maximum of four applicationswithin any 30-day period. We encourage you to carefully evaluate how your skillsand interests align with Coinbase's roles before applying.Commitment to Equal OpportunityCoinbase is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicantswill receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color,religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex,gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protectedby applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualifiedapplicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicablefederal, state and local law. For US applicants, you may view the EmployeeRights and the Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their correspondinglinks. Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certainlocations, as required by law. Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individualswith disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of adisability for any part of the employment process, please contact us ataccommodations[at]coinbase.com to let us know the nature of your request andyour contact information. For quick access to screen reading technologycompatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader(free step by step tutorial can be found here).Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and ApplicantsDepending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) andCalifornia Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the dataof job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as partof the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. Bysubmitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of yourdata as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you areagreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here. AI DisclosureFor select roles, Coinbase is piloting an AI tool based on machine learningtechnologies to conduct initial screening interviews to qualified applicants.The tool simulates realistic interview scenarios and engages in dynamicconversation. A human recruiter will review your interview responses, providedin the form of a voice recording and/or transcript, to assess them against thequalifications and characteristics outlined in the job description. For select roles, Coinbase is also piloting an AI interview intelligenceplatform to transcribe and summarize interview notes, allowing our interviewersto fully focus on you as the candidate. The above pilots are for testing purposes and Coinbase will not use AI to makedecisions impacting employment. To request a reasonable accommodation due todisability, please contact accommodations[at]coinbase.com Show more Show less