# Data Architect

**Company:** CAPGEMINI
**Location:** 
**Score:** 85 (Tier C)
**Status:** N/A

---

At Sogeti, we believe the best is inside every one of us. Whether you are earlyin your career or at the top of your game, we’ll encourage you to fulfill yourpotential to be better. Through our shared passion for technology, ourentrepreneurial culture, and our focus on continuous learning, we’ll provideeverything you need to become the best you can beYOUR ROLEYou will be responsible to design, implement, and manage scalable dataarchitectures that support business intelligence, analytics, and machinelearning initiatives. You have expertise in data modeling, cloud data platforms,ETL pipelines, and data governance. * Design and develop scalable, high-performance data architectures for structured and unstructured data. * Define and implement data models (relational, NoSQL, data lakes, data warehouses, and lakehouses). * Optimize database performance, indexing, and query execution for large-scale datasets. * Collaborate with data scientists, engineers, and analysts to enable advanced analytics and AI/ML workflows. * Oversee data ingestion processes and ensure consistency across data flows. * Implement data security and confidentiality policies in compliance with regulations. * Ensure data quality and governance, including Master Data Management solutions. * Drive innovation by integrating advanced approaches such as Machine Learning and statistical analysis. YOUR PROFILE * Master’s degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Information Systems, or a related field, or a related field and at least 5 years of professional experience. * Strong experience in data security, confidentiality, and regulatory compliance. * Hands-on experience with cloud. * Knowledge of an architecture framework. * Strong communication skills with technical and non-technical takeholders. * Team spirit and leadership mindset, with the capability to work under pressure and define the priorities. * Fluency in French and in English. WHAT YOU’LL LOVE ABOUT WORKING HERE?At Sogeti, we embrace diversity and inclusion, collaborate, and celebratetogether. We're committed to ensuring that people of all backgrounds feelbelonging at Sogeti irrespective of gender, age, ability status, sexualorientation, ethnic and cultural origin, or social backgrounds. Specificprograms also exist locally for veterans or refugees. Through our regularemployee survey, we ensure that everyone feels valued for who they are and whatthey bring.We encourage flexibility when it comes to when and where people get their workdone, allowing a better work-life balance and greater empowerment. Employeeswork with their managers to determine an arrangement that works best for theirrole and personal circumstances.We offer access to one of the best digital learning packages in the market toimprove both your soft and hard skills. Encouraging you to be curious andaccountable for your skills development. Our learning offers are world class andfree to every employee across the globe. Access all learning assets and curatedprograms from business experts, plus content from leading partners includingHarvard Business Review, Coursera, Pluralsight, Udemy, Microsoft, AWS, Googleand many more.Show more Show less