# Senior Software Engineer - Python, Java / Spring

**Company:** BLOOMREACH
**Location:** 
**Score:** 24 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Bloomreach is building the world’s premier agentic platform forpersonalization.We’re revolutionizing how businesses connect with theircustomers, building and deploying AI agents to personalize the entire customerjourney. * We're taking autonomous search mainstream, making product discovery more intuitive and conversational for customers, and more profitable for businesses. * We’re making conversational shopping a reality, connecting every shopper with tailored guidance and product expertise — available on demand, at every touchpoint in their journey. * We're designing the future of autonomous marketing, taking the work out of workflows, and reclaiming the creative, strategic, and customer-first work marketers were always meant to do. And we're building all of that on the intelligence of a single AI engine — LoomiAI — so that personalization isn't only autonomous…it's also consistent.Fromretail to financial services, hospitality to gaming, businesses use Bloomreachto drive higher growth and lasting loyalty. We power personalization for morethan 1,400 global brands, including American Eagle, Sonepar, and Pandora.We want you to join us full-time as a Senior Backend Engineer. You will workremotely first (from Central & Eastern Europe), but we are more than happy tomeet you in our nice offices in Bratislava, Brno or Prague. Salary rangestarting from 3 700 EUR gross per month, going up depending on your experienceand skills.The Pulsar team builds platform and admin services that all Bloomreach SaaSproducts rely on. In your first year, you’ll develop features used by thousandsof customers and deliver fast, consistent, and high-energy (but low-drama)product releases. We all work remotely from the US, India, and Europe.Examples of our services: * Multi-product customer provisioning and licensing orchestration * Integrated user management, authentication, and authorization * High-availability, centralized configuration management * Tools for new customer integration & product tuning * Collection and processing of audit logs Why you’ll love your work * Technical Variety: Cloud-native services with diverse tech stacks offer learning and experimentation. * Impact: Our services are used by customers and teams across the company – engineers, product managers, services consultants, and even executives. * Autonomy: Senior engineers design, build, and deploy complete projects and are experts in our services. * Teamwork: Your teammates are also high performers and will support you with learning our systems, brainstorming & design review, and running high-reliability production deployments. Your typical dayYour day begins with code review of a US teammate’s GitLab merge request,looking for issues, potential optimizations, and test coverage. Then you spend afew undisturbed hours “in the flow,” working on changes to the user managementframework for a UX improvement that a designer suggested yesterday. Soon, allyour new unit tests are green. With a few clicks, you create a merge request,spin up a dev instance, and deploy your change. After a few quick smoke tests,you send a link to the frontend engineer to check it out.After lunch, you join your team for a quick standup via Zoom to discuss currentwork and the plan for the next few days. A teammate offers to review your newcode. It has some complex behavior, so you walk through it together and make afew adjustments.The frontend engineer confirms over Slack that your API changes provide whatthey need. You merge it, which automatically retests and deploys to staging. TheUI changes and a few more integration tests from the QA team will merge in a dayor two. Your improvement will be in production by next week.Next, you respond to a Slack request for advice on integrating with theauthorization API. You draft a short tech design doc that links the API spec,code examples, and optimization tips. You discuss it on the team channel, andyour manager forwards it to another team that’s also starting a new service.Your day ends with a quick chat with a product manager about another idea….Our tech stack(s) * Languages: Java / Spring, Python, Go – occasionally, TypeScript, Angular, React * Data: Postgres, MySQL, MongoDB, Redis, Apache Kafka * Cloud: AWS & GCP (RDS, Redshift, Pub/Sub, BigTable, DataFlow, etc), Docker & Kubernetes (via EKS & GKE) * Tools: Jira, Gitlab CI/CD, Prometheus, Grafana, OpenSearch Our expectations * Flexible intelligence: Stretch your technical skills in a distributed cloud environment, making changes across systems built with various tech stacks to meet challenging requirements. * Drive: Rapidly ship product improvements that affect thousands of users in a low-drama and high-trust way. * Security & Reliability: Balance risks and benefits of change with discipline and agility. * Communication: Organize technical work and maintain trust/respect across multiple teams, geographic regions, and departments. * Knowledge Sharing: Proactively share expertise, guide less experienced team members, and document work for long-term sustainability. The ideal candidate’s experience * Developed backend services with Python using a variety of data systems (3+ years) * Understands web security principles (OWASP), Authentication, and Authorization practices * Designed APIs for a SaaS product * Operated services in production on public cloud infrastructure * Some experience with Java / Spring or Go * Exposure to frontend development (Angular / React) More things you'll like about Bloomreach:Culture: * A great deal of freedom and trust. At Bloomreach we don’t clock in and out, and we have neither corporate rules nor long approval processes. This freedom goes hand in hand with responsibility. We are interested in results from day one. * We have defined our 5 values and the 10 underlying key behaviors that we strongly believe in. We can only succeed if everyone lives these behaviors day to day. We've embedded them in our processes like recruitment, onboarding, feedback, personal development, performance review and internal communication. * We believe in flexible working hours to accommodate your working style. * We work virtual-first with several Bloomreach Hubs available across three continents. * We organize company events to experience the global spirit of the company and get excited about what's ahead. * We encourage and support our employees to engage in volunteering activities - every Bloomreacher can take 5 paid days off to volunteer*. * The Bloomreach Glassdoor page elaborates on our stellar 4.4/5 rating. The Bloomreach Comparably page Culture score is even higher at 4.9/5 Personal Development: * We have a People Development Program -- participating in personal development workshops on various topics run by experts from inside the company. We are continuously developing & updating competency maps for select functions. * Our resident communication coach Ivo Večeřa is available to help navigate work-related communications & decision-making challenges.* * Our managers are strongly encouraged to participate in the Leader Development Program to develop in the areas we consider essential for any leader. The program includes regular comprehensive feedback, consultations with a coach and follow-up check-ins. * Bloomreachers utilize the $1,500 professional education budget on an annual basis to purchase education products (books, courses, certifications, etc.)* Well-being: * The Employee Assistance Program -- with counselors -- is available for non-work-related challenges.* * Subscription to Calm - sleep and meditation app.* * We organize ‘DisConnect’ days where Bloomreachers globally enjoy one additional day off each quarter, allowing us to unwind together and focus on activities away from the screen with our loved ones. * We facilitate sports, yoga, and meditation opportunities for each other. * Extended parental leave up to 26 calendar weeks for Primary Caregivers.* Compensation: * Restricted Stock Units or Stock Options are granted depending on a team member’s role, seniority, and location.* * Everyone gets to participate in the company's success through the company performance bonus.* * We offer an employee referral bonus of up to $3,000 paid out immediately after the new hire starts. * We reward & celebrate work anniversaries -- Bloomversaries!* (*Subject to employment type. Interns are exempt from marked benefits, usuallyfor the first 6 months.)Excited? Join us and transform the future of commerce experiences!If this position doesn't suit you, but you know someone who might be a greatfit, share it - we will be very grateful!Any unsolicited resumes/candidate profiles submitted through our website or topersonal email accounts of employees of Bloomreach are considered property ofBloomreach and are not subject to payment of agency fees.Show more Show less