# Staff Engineer (Applied AI / ML)

**Company:** QVEST US
**Location:** 
**Score:** 67 (Tier C)
**Status:** N/A

---

Who We AreQvest US is the global leader in technology and business consulting for theMedia & Entertainment and Consumer Packaged Goods & Retail industries. Westrategize, advise, design, develop and implement future-forward business &technology solutions. With expertise in digital media supply chain, data &analytics, IP & rights management, broadcast transformation, Salesforce andapplied AI, our exceptionally talented teams partner with Fortune 1,000companies to revolutionize markets and set new industry standards.About The IDCThe IDC is our I nnovation and D evelopment C enter. We build custom softwareusing modern technologies to solve complex business problems for our clients. Webelieve the best products and services are realized by knowledgeable, tight-knitteams aligned to a shared purpose and understanding. We're honored to berecognized by Fortune magazine and Great Place to Work as a Best Workplace inTexas!Who We're SeekingAs a Staff Engineer, you are an innovative and thoughtful self-starter whoenjoys solving problems and thrives in fast-paced, collaborative environments.You are looking for a role where you can shape best practices, mentor teammembers, work on varied projects, and influence technologies and solutions forboth Qvest internal and client external projects. You thrive in environmentswhere you're able to demonstrate technical competency while workingindividually, closely with team members, or directly with our clients.Specifically working in our Applied AI / ML practice, you are a self drivenengineering leader who loves to identify and experiment with new approaches,technologies, or tools which will impact our projects or industry. Examplescould include emergent architectural approaches, new cloud provider offerings,or productivity enhancers (new tooling, Chat-GPT, Copilots, or similar).What You'll Do * As a mentor and an engineering leader in the Applied AI / ML practice, you will help grow the careers of other team members, have the opportunity to participate in the hiring process, participate in the annual review cycle, and shape and contribute to the engineering culture as a place to learn and grow. * As a technology Leader, you’ll work directly with Qvest leadership to impact projects, teams and the Qvest organization by creating, shaping, proposing and presenting engineering practices, architectures, and tech stacks. You will influence business development through your expertise by creating content and contributing to proposals. You will extract reusable components, patterns, concepts and lessons learned to be leveraged across the organization. * As a project leader, you’ll help propose technologies to be used on specific projects, and define the shape of the team to build them. As a part of that team, you’ll help the team gather, translate and refine business requirements into deployable systems, extracting and leveraging repeatable design strategies, and creating reference implementations. You will lead by example through the code you contribute, the continuous improvement you foster, and the quality of documentation, architecture, code, and tests you and your teams will deliver. What You'll Bring * 8-12+ years in software development, including working in teams * Experience with agile methodologies such as Scrum, Kanban or XP * Expertise in ML / Applied AI tools and patterns including LLM, MLOps, RAG * Experience using different models (OpenAI, ChatGPT, Claude, Amazon Bedrock, LLaMA etc..) and understanding applicability to purpose / use case balancing cost vs. functionality * Experience developing copilots * Experience developing RAG applications * Experience with and around discussing enterprise deployments, knowing the landscape of enterprises, (their API’s, systems etc..) and the ability to communicate with client leadership in this area * Experience with Vector Database and Embeddings * Experience with Graph Databases * Definition, utilization and implementation of CI/CD pipelines * Familiarity with SOA, Microservices, or similar architectural patterns * Experience constructing systems by utilizing a separation of concerns (good OOP, FP design, etc) * Experience with enterprise application integration, including defining the integration architecture, integration data flows and interfaces, integration mechanisms (e.g., async vs. synchronous), middleware, etc. * Experience with typical AuthN/AuthZ methods and products * Experience managing data, including the selection of persistence product, design of database schema, constraints and transaction boundaries, read/write design trade-off decisions and how it relates to mutable vs. immutable data state * Experience balancing feature development vs. technical debt accumulation in order to deliver business needs while also maintaining quality over time * Bachelor's degree in engineering, information systems, computer science, business administration, or other related fields $80,000 - $400,000 a yearTravel RequirementsEmployees are responsible for traveling to and from client sites as required bytheir project or assignment, regardless of location. Travel may include sitesoutside the employee’s primary office location, state, or region.Remote & Hybrid WorkWhile remote or hybrid work may be permitted for certain projects, client needstake precedence. Employees are expected to report onsite at the client locationwhen required by the project scope, client request, or management directive.Life at QvestWe were founded on a culture of collaboration and inclusiveness, and thispermeates each of our initiatives, both client-facing and internal. We offer awide selection of benefits including medical, dental & vision, 401k matching andflexible vacation; we sponsor training to advance our teams’ skill sets and weprioritize our employees’ professional growth paths. Qvest US is currently 300+people strong and we’ve been recognized as a “Best Place to Work,” a “GreatPlace to Work,” “Fastest Growing,” and “A Jewel."Equal Employment OpportunityQvest is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receiveconsideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex,national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any othercharacteristic protected by law. Qvest applies this stance to all employmentactions, including but not limited to recruitment, hiring, upgrading, promotion,transfer, demotion, layoff, recall, termination, rates of pay or other forms ofcompensation and selection for training, including internships, at all levels ofemployment.Show more Show less