# Staff Software Engineer, Gen AI

**Company:** BLACKBAUD
**Location:** 
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

About The RoleAs a Staff-level Full Stack Software Engineer (C# .NET, Angular tech stack) youwill focus on developing and enhancing web applications, while working with someof the latest technologies in user interfaces, server architecture, andcloud-based computing. Our relaxed remote work environment promotes pairedprogramming, cross-team collaboration, efficient communication, Scrummethodologies, and TDD principles.In this role, you’ll be a part of the team building out the modern version ofour flagship fundraising platform. What You’ll Be Doing * Implement design concepts from the UI/UX team. * Utilize responsive web design principles. * Ensure compliance with Web standards and accessibility requirements. * Maintain knowledge of design trends and assist with implementation of design innovations. * Work closely with architects to assure all systems are in line with long-term strategy. * Work closely with product management, scrum master, and other team members to coordinate implementation and provide progress updates at daily standup meetings * Ensure robust high quality code standards are maintained in the development process. * Participate in all Scrum team ceremonies. What We'll Want You To Have * 2+ years of experience with C# .NET, or other Object-Oriented language required * Experience with common web technologies required – Javascript, CSS, and HTML * Experience working with RESTful services and APIs or asynchronous messaging technologies (e.g. Azure Service Bus, Event Hubs, or Apache Kafka). * Familiarity with Git and continuous integration systems. * Understanding of software engineering best practices, agile development methodology, and object-oriented development. * Familiarity with building software applications in the cloud (Azure/AWS/GCP) a plus Stay up to date on everything Blackbaud, follow us on Linkedin, Twitter,Instagram, Facebook and YouTubeBlackbaud is a remote-first company which embraces a flexible remote workculture. Blackbaud supports hiring and career development for all roles from thelocation you are in today!Blackbaud is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and is committed tomaintaining a diverse and inclusive work environment. All qualified applicantswill receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color,religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, nationalorigin, physical or mental disability, age, or veteran status or any other basisprotected by federal, state, or local law.To all recruitment agencies: We do not accept unsolicited agency resumes and arenot responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.A notice to candidates: Recruitment Fraudulent Alert: Your personal informationand online safety as a candidate mean a lot to us! At Blackbaud and ourportfolio of companies, recruiters only direct candidates to apply through ourofficial careers page at https://careers.blackbaud.com/us/en or our officialLinkedIn page. Recruiters will never request payments, ask for financial accountinformation or sensitive information like social security numbers, or conductinterviews via Skype. Anyone suggesting otherwise is not a representative ofBlackbaud. If you are unsure if a message is from Blackbaud, please emailblackbaudrecruiting@blackbaud.com.The starting base pay is $87,700.00 to $114,200.00. Blackbaud may pay more orless based on employee qualifications, market value, Company finances, and otheroperational considerations.Benefits Include * Medical, dental, and vision insurance * Remote-first workforce * 401(k) program with employer match * Flexible paid time off * Generous Parental Leave * Volunteer for vacation * Opportunities to connect to build community and belonging * Pet insurance, legal and identity protection * Tuition reimbursement programShow more Show less