# Senior ML Software Engineer (Hungary)

**Company:** SOPHOS
**Location:** 
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

About UsSophos is a global leader and innovator of advanced security solutions fordefeating cyberattacks. The company acquired Secureworks in February 2025,bringing together two pioneers that have redefined the cybersecurity industrywith their innovative, native AI-optimized services, technologies and products.Sophos is now the largest pure-play Managed Detection and Response (MDR)provider, supporting more than 28,000 organizations. In addition to MDR andother services, Sophos’ complete portfolio includes industry-leading endpoint,network, email, and cloud security that interoperate and adapt to defend throughthe Sophos Central platform. Secureworks provides the innovative, market-leadingTaegis XDR/MDR, identity threat detection and response (ITDR), next-gen SIEMcapabilities, managed risk, and a comprehensive set of advisory services. Sophossells all these solutions through reseller partners, Managed Service Providers(MSPs) and Managed Security Service Providers (MSSPs) worldwide, defending morethan 600,000 organizations worldwide from phishing, ransomware, data theft,other every day and state-sponsored cybercrimes. The solutions are powered byhistorical and real-time threat intelligence from Sophos X-Ops and the newlyadded Counter Threat Unit (CTU). Sophos is headquartered in Oxford, U.K. Moreinformation is available at www.sophos.com.The Sophos Artificial Intelligence (Sophos AI or SAI) department is looking forML and Software Engineers to join our Sophos AI Engineering team. As a member ofour team, you will work on the development and maintenance of our internal MLoperation services, training and CI/CD pipeline(s) in the AWS cloud. You willalso work on delivering, integrating our models to wide variety of Sophosproducts to ensure the superior quality of AI used to provide protection to allour customers. To succeed in this role, you will be passionate about developinghigh-quality and costs efficient deliverables, continuous improvement, andcooperation between global teams and keen to use your excellent skills tocontribute to the success of the Sophos Artificial Intelligence team.Main Duties * Software Development. – Innovate, design, develop and deliver features into the Sophos AI automated systems area, focusing on ML supporting systems taking it to an industry leading next generation position. * ML Operations – Work on automation, quality assurance of ML operations including the model training pipeline. Improve monitoring of model accuracy, model comparison and engineering metrics with traceability, reproducibility of the retrained models kept in focus. * Continuous Improvement – Identify key metrics, put measurement in place and work on to meet them. Do this using the Agile Software development framework of SCRUM. What We Are Looking For * Minimum 4-year experience in Python and Python ecosystem. * Minimum 2-year experience in (R)DBMS and SQL, ideally Snowflake. * Experience with AWS cloud services including Fargate, CodeBuild, Batch and more. * Experience in ML operations and supporting system(s) like AWS SageMaker or WandB. * Experience in Agile software development, preferably SCRUM. * Proven track record of designing & developing reliable, maintainable, high-quality code. * Fluency in English. * Experience in portable C & C++ development would be great, but not a must. * Proficient in using development tools (source control, static analysis, issue tracking, etc.). * Have good problem solving and troubleshooting skills. * Able to work in small groups but also independently if needed. * Not afraid to share your opinion on how to get things better. Ready to Join Us?At Sophos, we believe in the power of diverse perspectives to fuel innovation.Research shows that candidates sometimes hesitate to apply if they don't checkevery box in a job description. We challenge that notion. Your uniqueexperiences and skills might be exactly what we need to enhance our team. Don'tlet a checklist hold you back – we encourage you to apply.What's Great About Sophos? * Sophos operates a remote-first working model, making remote work the primary option for most employees. However, some roles may necessitate a hybrid approach. While we are a remote first organization, applicants must have legal authorization to work in the jurisdiction where the position is posted, without requiring employer sponsorship. * Our people – we innovate and create, all of which are accompanied by a great sense of fun and team spirit * Employee-led diversity and inclusion networks that build community and provide education and advocacy * Annual charity and fundraising initiatives and volunteer days for employees to support local communities * Global employee sustainability initiatives to reduce our environmental footprint * Global fitness and trivia competitions to keep our bodies and minds sharp * Global wellbeing days for employees to relax and recharge * Monthly wellbeing webinars and training to support employee health and wellbeing Our Commitment To YouWe’re proud of the diverse and inclusive environment we have at Sophos, andwe’re committed to ensuring equality of opportunity. We believe that diversity,combined with excellence, builds a better Sophos, so we encourage applicants whocan contribute to the diversity of our team. All applicants will be treated in afair and equal manner and in accordance with the law regardless of gender, sex,gender reassignment, marital status, race, religion or belief, color, age,military veteran status, disability, pregnancy, maternity or sexual orientation.We want to give you every opportunity to show us your best self, so if there areany adjustments we could make to the recruitment and selection process tosupport you, please let us know.Data ProtectionIf you choose to explore an opportunity, and subsequently share your CV or otherpersonal details with Sophos, these details will be held by Sophos for 12 monthsin accordance with our Privacy Policy and used by our recruitment team tocontact you regarding this or other relevant opportunities at Sophos. If youwould like Sophos to delete or update your details at any time, please followthe steps set out in the Privacy Policy describing your individual rights. Formore information on Sophos’ data protection practices, please consult ourPrivacy Policy Cybersecurity as a Service Delivered | SophosWe may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiringprocess, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessingresponses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace humanjudgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you wouldlike more information about how your data is processed, please contact us.Show more Show less