# Staff Software Engineer, ML Search

**Company:** REDDIT, INC.
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 49 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Reddit is a community of communities. It’s built on shared interests, passion,and trust, and is home to the most open and authentic conversations on theinternet. Every day, Reddit users submit, vote, and comment on the topics theycare most about. With 100,000+ active communities and approximately 116 milliondaily active unique visitors, Reddit is one of the internet’s largest sources ofinformation. For more information, visit www.redditinc.com.Location:This role is completely remote-friendly. If you happen to live close to one ofour physical office locations, our doors are open for you to come into theoffice as often as you'd like.Team DescriptionThe Search & Recommendation Relevance team focuses on delivering the mostrelevant results when users search for anything on Reddit. Our systems andalgorithms operate on the world's largest corpus of human conversation,showcasing the best answers and diverse opinions from all across Reddit on anytopics - whether it's recommendations for the best hiking trail, travel advice,or reviews of the next product or restaurant. To achieve this, our SearchRecommendation systems need to be built for maintainability, scalability, andlow latency in mind.As a Staff Software Engineer, ML Search, you’ll build backend and pipelinesystems that turn models into real search experiences for 110M+ daily users,owning data flows, ranking and retrieval services, and low-latency model-servingAPIs. You’ll integrate models into production through robust interfaces andDAGs, enabling fast iteration and powering discovery across the internet’slargest community platform.Responsibilities * Own pipelines and DAGs that move data, features, embeddings, and models through the ML lifecycle * Design/maintain ranking and retrieval services that run models in real-time * Build scalable model-serving APIs, ensuring reliability, efficiency, and performance * Create reusable infrastructure that other MLEs depend on to train, deploy, and iterate on models * Ensure pipelines and systems support high scale, low latency, and operational excellence * Enable modeling with better systems, features, and deployment pathways Qualifications * 8+ years of industry experience with a focus on search and recommendation systems. * 6+ years of experience in designing, building and iterating large-scale search relevance and infrastructure systems, handling end-to-end system development. * Proven track record in delivering large and complex systems with big business impacts. * Knowledge and experience working with search systems (e.g. Lucene, Solr, ElasticSearch, Opensearch etc.). * Demonstrated expertise at cross-functional collaboration - successfully shipped several large-scale projects with complex dependencies across teams. * Proficient in object-oriented programming (Python, Golang). * Experience in API design and integration with GraphQL, REST, HTTP, Thrift or gRPC. * Experience of developing applications using large-scale data stack - e.g. Kubeflow, Airflow, BigQuery, Kafka, Kubernetes, Redis etc. Benefits * Comprehensive Healthcare Benefits and Income Replacement Programs * 401k with Employer Match * Global Benefit programs that fit your lifestyle, from workspace to professional development to caregiving support * Family Planning Support * Gender-Affirming Care * Mental Health & Coaching Benefits * Flexible Vacation & Paid Volunteer Time Off * Generous Paid Parental Leave Pay TransparencyThis job posting may span more than one career level.In addition to base salary, this job is eligible to receive equity in the formof restricted stock units, and depending on the position offered, it may also beeligible to receive a commission. Additionally, Reddit offers a wide range ofbenefits to U.S.-based employees, including medical, dental, and visioninsurance, 401(k) program with employer match, generous time off for vacation,and parental leave. To learn more, please visithttps://www.redditinc.com/careers/.To provide greater transparency to candidates, we share base pay ranges for allUS-based job postings regardless of state. We set standard base pay ranges forall roles based on function, level, and country location, benchmarked againstsimilar stage growth companies. Final offer amounts are determined by multiplefactors including, skills, depth of work experience and relevantlicenses/credentials, and may vary from the amounts listed below.The Base Pay Range For This Position Is$23,000—$322,000 USDIn select roles and locations, the interviews will be recorded, transcribed andsummarized by artificial intelligence (AI). You will have the opportunity to optout of recording, transcription and summarization prior to any scheduledinterviews.During the interview, we will collect the following categories of personalinformation: Identifiers, Professional and Employment-Related Information,Sensory Information (audio/video recording), and any other categories ofpersonal information you choose to share with us. We will use this informationto evaluate your application for employment or an independent contractor role,as applicable. We will not sell your personal information or disclose it to anythird party for their marketing purposes. We will delete any recording of yourinterview promptly after making a hiring decision. For more information abouthow we will handle your personal information, including our retention of it,please refer to our Candidate Privacy Policy for Potential Employees andContractors.Reddit is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and is committed tobuilding a workforce representative of the diverse communities we serve. Redditis committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individualswith disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If,due to a disability, you need an accommodation during the interview process,please let your recruiter know.Show more Show less