# Senior Principal Software Engineer - AI GPU Innovation

**Company:** ORACLE
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Job DescriptionOracle Cloud Infrastructure’s (OCI) architecture development engineering team isseeking a highly driven GPU platform software & system development engineer atthe Principal Engineer level. We are at the forefront of AI innovation,exploring the next generation of AI accelerators and hardware solutions.As a Senior Principal software engineer, part of our growing team, you will beinvolved in evaluation, prototyping, and optimizing cutting-edge AI hardware, AIaccelerators, including custom-designed AI chips and systems and software todrive next-gen Cloud AI Infrastructure platforms.You will contribute to platform definition, platform development oversight aswell as in house development, design reviews, system integration, performancetesting and characterization. You will interact closely with third party GPU ICsuppliers & partners as well as internal hardware and software development teamsto help drive Oracle’s AI Cloud platform solution space. You will be a criticalpart of the team developing Oracle’s growing Cloud AI Infra solutions.You will work with the latest AI hardware architectures, benchmark theirperformance, and collaborate with software engineers to ensure tight integrationwith AI workloads. You’ll have a direct impact on shaping the future of AIhardware for machine learning and deep learning applications.Career Level - IC5ResponsibilitiesOur Senior Principal engineers are also the people who can work independentlyand provide technical leadership to the broader organization. You should haveexperience developing AI infrastructure and operating high-scale services, andan understanding of how to make these cloud-scale services resilient. The idealcandidate will be technically strong and productive; someone who knows how tobalance speed and quality with iterative and incremental improvements. Youunderstand operational excellence and know-how to infuse a culture of beingproactive within your team. You recommend and justify major changes to new andexisting products and establish consensus with data-driven approaches. * Evaluation of system architecture and proposed implementation path analysis. * Work directly with hardware design and development teams on architecture, implementation, development, deployment, and troubleshooting of AI hardware platforms. Collaboration is also expected with the wider Oracle engineering and operations functional groups as well as our external partners. * Conduct comprehensive benchmarking and performance analysis of AI accelerators from emerging hardware vendors (e.g., SambaNova, Groq). * Compare and contrast new AI accelerators with industry-standard hardware (e.g., NVIDIA GPUs) for training and inference workloads. * Develop tools and processes for evaluating the performance of hardware in real-world AI applications. * Contribute to the design and improvement of performance optimization algorithms for AI models running on the hardware. Basic Qualifications * BS or MS degree in Computer Science or relevant technical field involving coding or equivalent practical experience. * 10+ years of total experience in software development * Demonstrated ability to write great code using Java, GoLang, C#, or similar OO languages. * Solid knowledge of AI / GPU platform architecture and their capabilities. * Experience working on large-scale, highly distributed services infrastructure. * Solid working experience with GPU supplier test code as well as open-source AI test / characterization tools. * Experience with the architecture, design, and implementation of modern server platforms consisting of multiple architectures and vendors, including x86 and ARM server architectures. * Demonstrated experience debugging and root-causing complex issues that may have a mix of hardware and software causes. * Systematic problem-solving approach, strong communication skills, a sense of ownership, and drive Preferred Qualifications * Experience as technical lead on a large-scale cloud service * Hands-on experience developing and maintaining services on a public cloud platform (e.g., AWS, Azure, Oracle) * Experience with AI accelerator chips (e.g., SambaNova, Groq, etc.). * Knowledge of AI accelerator benchmarks and tools for performance evaluation (e.g., MLPerf, DeepBench). * Understanding of AI model optimization techniques for hardware acceleration. * strong understanding and experience running firmware and system diagnostics tools using BMC firmware, UEFI/ BIOS and Linux tools. Skilled in scripting to customize tests. QualificationsDisclaimer:Certain US customer or client-facing roles may be required to comply withapplicable requirements, such as immunization and occupational health mandates.Range and benefit information provided in this posting are specific to thestated locations onlyUS: Hiring Range in USD from: $96,800 - $251,600 per year. May be eligible forbonus, equity, and compensation deferral.Oracle maintains broad salary ranges for its roles in order to account forvariations in knowledge, skills, experience, market conditions and locations, aswell as reflect Oracle’s differing products, industries and lines of business.Candidates are typically placed into the range based on the preceding factors aswell as internal peer equity.Oracle US offers a comprehensive benefits package which includes the following: * Medical, dental, and vision insurance, including expert medical opinion * Short term disability and long term disability * Life insurance and AD&D * Supplemental life insurance (Employee/Spouse/Child) * Health care and dependent care Flexible Spending Accounts * Pre-tax commuter and parking benefits * 401(k) Savings and Investment Plan with company match * Paid time off: Flexible Vacation is provided to all eligible employees assigned to a salaried (non-overtime eligible) position. Accrued Vacation is provided to all other employees eligible for vacation benefits. For employees working at least 35 hours per week, the vacation accrual rate is 13 days annually for the first three years of employment and 18 days annually for subsequent years of employment. Vacation accrual is prorated for employees working between 20 and 34 hours per week. Employees working fewer than 20 hours per week are not eligible for vacation. * 11 paid holidays * Paid sick leave: 72 hours of paid sick leave upon date of hire. Refreshes each calendar year. Unused balance will carry over each year up to a maximum cap of 112 hours. * Paid parental leave * Adoption assistance * Employee Stock Purchase Plan * Financial planning and group legal * Voluntary benefits including auto, homeowner and pet insurance The role will generally accept applications for at least three calendar daysfrom the posting date or as long as the job remains posted.Career Level - IC5About UsAs a world leader in cloud solutions, Oracle uses tomorrow’s technology totackle today’s challenges. We’ve partnered with industry-leaders in almost everysector—and continue to thrive after 40+ years of change by operating withintegrity.We know that true innovation starts when everyone is empowered to contribute.That’s why we’re committed to growing an inclusive workforce that promotesopportunities for all.Oracle careers open the door to global opportunities where work-life balanceflourishes. We offer competitive benefits based on parity and consistency andsupport our people with flexible medical, life insurance, and retirementoptions. We also encourage employees to give back to their communities throughour volunteer programs.We’re committed to including people with disabilities at all stages of theemployment process. If you require accessibility assistance or accommodation fora disability at any point, let us know by emailingaccommodation-request_mb@oracle.com or by calling +1 888 404 2494 in the UnitedStates.Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicantswill receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color,religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disabilityand protected veterans’ status, or any other characteristic protected by law.Oracle will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest andconviction records pursuant to applicable law.Show more Show less