# Senior Staff Machine Learning Engineer, Ads Quality

**Company:** INSTACART
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

We're transforming the grocery industryAt Instacart, we invite the world to share love through food because we believeeveryone should have access to the food they love and more time to enjoy ittogether. Where others see a simple need for grocery delivery, we see excitingcomplexity and endless opportunity to serve the varied needs of our community.We work to deliver an essential service that customers rely on to get theirgroceries and household goods, while also offering safe and flexible earningsopportunities to Instacart Personal Shoppers.Instacart has become a lifeline for millions of people, and we’re building theteam to help push our shopping cart forward. If you’re ready to do the best workof your life, come join our table.Instacart is a Flex First teamThere’s no one-size fits all approach to how we do our best work. Our employeeshave the flexibility to choose where they do their best work—whether it’s fromhome, an office, or your favorite coffee shop—while staying connected andbuilding community through regular in-person events. Learn more about ourflexible approach to where we work.OverviewAbout the RoleAre you excited about applying cutting-edge AI / ML models and technologies tocomplex real-world problems? Are you inspired to deliver tangible, quantifiableimpact to tens of millions of users and partners, while solving some of thetoughest optimization challenges in a 4-sided marketplace? Are you passionateabout mentoring and growing ML engineering talent, while instilling andfostering a principled engineering culture? If so, we have a job for you! TheAds Engineering team is looking for a seasoned ML engineering leader to act asthe Area Tech Lead of Ads Quality, working alongside Ads Software Engineeringleaders. In this role, you will directly contribute to the company’s myriad ofAI, ML, and Quality innovations, both as an Individual Contributor and TechnicalLead. You will lead the team to design next-generation, AI-powered solutions tosupport the business’ broadening growth. You will partner with Eng and PMleadership to prioritize and support all product needs. You will developcompany-defining collaborations with other engineering pillars across Instacart.You will grow and mentor engineers, and contribute to shaping engineeringculture not only for Ads but for all of Instacart.About The TeamThe Ads Engineering team builds E2E, full-stack systems to power Instacart’sindustry-leading ads innovations in digital ads’ top growing channel - RetailMedia. As a fast-growing, critical piece of Instacart’s overall business, theAds Engineering team strives to both meet and support our advertiser partnersfor their needs today, while also challenging the status quo to push forwardnext-generation technologies. The team consists of a broad spectrum of engineersacross all levels, with expertise ranging from backend infrastructure to dataengineering to machine learning & AI to frontend technologies and more.About The Job * Develop & design innovative AI-powered systems addressing a wide range of Ads Quality challenges, such as: Optimize ads bidding, retrieval and auction processes toward a diverse set of advertiser goals, balancing short- and long-term objectives, * balance between user, advertiser, and retailer needs, and turn such solutions into quantifiable, optimizable formulations, * identify and build gen AI solutions to revolutionize all aspects of the quality stack, * build advanced generative AI and recommendation frameworks revolutionizing advertiser experience and campaign efficacy, * construct systems and frameworks to provide intelligent recommendations and assistance to advertisers, * collaborate with Data Scientists to establish metrics and methodologies for both tracking, optimization, and goaling purposes. * Define & own the Ads Quality technical strategy and roadmap, balancing between both short-term needs and long-term sustainability. * Demonstrates ability to architect and design complex AI / quality components, considering scalability, reliability, performance, and security. * Serves as a technical leader and mentor, guiding and empowering junior ML and software engineers through code and design reviews, knowledge sharing, collaborative problem-solving, improving key engineering processes, and fostering a thriving engineering culture. * Serve as a technical mentor, empowering engineers at all career levels through effective coaching, collaborative code reviews and knowledge sharing to develop the next set of leaders * Builds and maintains synergies with other ML engineering teams across Instacart; acts as a bridge representing Ads as an influential voice in company-wide technical forums. * Contributes to company-level technical initiatives as a thought leader and key driver of Instacart’s engineering vision & goals * Note this is a hands-on IC / TL role at the Director+ level. There are no people management expectations. About YouMinimum Qualifications * PhD in AI / ML or related field, or equivalent academic and research experience. * 15+ years of experience as a software and / or ML engineer. * Proven track record of architecting & building production-grade ML systems, AI and quantitative optimization technologies at a global scale. * Demonstrated ability to lead technical discussions and collaborate effectively at senior to executive levels, driving consensus and clarity. * Experience mentoring and developing engineering culture and talent. Preferred Qualifications * Hands-on expertise in building large-scale AI/ML systems bridging generative AI, predictive modeling, and recommendation engines to solve real-world problems. * Deep understanding of Ads Quality systems, including bidding, yield optimization, retrieval processes, and auction dynamics. * Familiar with AWS, Golang, Spark, Clickhouse, Snowflake, TensorFlow. Instacart provides highly market-competitive compensation and benefits in eachlocation where our employees work. This role is remote and the base pay rangefor a successful candidate is dependent on their permanent work location. Pleasereview our Flex First remote work policy here.Offers may vary based on many factors, such as candidate experience and skillsrequired for the role. Additionally, this role is eligible for a new hire equitygrant as well as annual refresh grants. Please read more about our benefitsofferings here.For US based candidates, the base pay ranges for a successful candidate arelisted below.CA, NY, CT, NJ$308,000—$342,000 USDWA$295,000—$328,000 USDOR, DE, ME, MA, MD, NH, RI, VT, DC, PA, VA, CO, TX, IL, HI$284,000—$315,000 USDAll other states$256,000—$284,000 USDShow more Show less