# Principal Software Engineer - AI in SDLC Tech Lead

**Company:** GHX
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

GHX is seeking an experienced Principal Engineer with deep technical expertiseand a proven track record in operationalizing AI in SDLC. The role reports tothe VP of Enterprise Architecture (EA) and will be responsible fordiscovering/driving how will be used across SDLC aspects including ProjectManagement, Coding, Quality, Security, CICD/IaC, Infrastructure, IncidentManagement and Operations. The role requires hands-on experience with moderndevelopment of languages, tools and technologies.The ideal candidate will be skilled in AWS, Github, Java/Python, LLMs, MCPServers, Agents, Jira, Confluence.Duties And Responsibilities * Coordinate/Vet/POC/Choose/Evangelize AI in SDLC Trends, Technologies and Frameworks as well as establishing informed views on what is working/not-working. * Discover, bring awareness to and build knowledge of leading AI in SDLC solution providers including AWS, Azure, Github and Anthropic. * AI in SDLC Partner/Vendor Management. * Define Baseline/Standard AI in SDLC “stack”. * Define Baseline/Standard metrics which measure AI in SDLC effectiveness. * Project Manage the overall AI in SDLC initiative. * Lead and coordinate as an Individual Contributor across Enterprise Teams/Business Units. * Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders such as Enterprise Architecture, Product Owners, Security, DevOps and Infrastructure Leaders to understand their AI in SDLC requirements/concerns. * Produce, present and evangelize clearly articulated documentation in the form of Approach Presentations, POC Outcomes, Usage Statistics, Wiki Content and Backlogs. * Establish practical, actionable and production-grade guideline content and use it to guide teams in best practices for AI in SDLC as well as mentoring team members and fostering a collaborative environment. * Learn and understand GHX vertical domain level business and functional aspects in order to appropriately shape AI in SDLC approaches/solutions. * Build and maintain strong business relationships to influence decision-making and drive innovative solutions across teams. Qualifications * 10 years of experience in architecting, designing and developing enterprise-grade software systems. * 10 years of experience designing and implementing technological solutions using Java and/or Python languages within cloud environments. * Experienced with AI in SDLC techniques/technologies/tools including AI Enabled IDEs, using AI for Code Explaining/Reviews, using AI for Design/Concept to Code, using AI for Unit-Testing/Code-Coverage/API-Testing, using AI in CICD/IaC, using AI for Code-Refactoring/Version-Upkeep and using AI for Observability/Incident-Management. * Comfortable with Frontend architectures/technologies such as Modular SPA, MFE, BFF, Responsive/Reactive, I18N/L10N. * Comfortable with Backend architectures/technologies such as Sync/Async/Batch Microservices, Chasis, DDD, DTO/DAO, ORM, CQRS, Data Replication, Messaging/Eventing, Orchestration/Workflow , API Styles, API Management/Gateway, Traceability, CircuitBreaker, Feature Switches. * Comfortable with Quality Engineering aspects such as Unit Testing, Code Coverage, API Testing, Performance, Scalability and Resilience aspects/techniques including Tenancy aspects/techniques aspects such as Single-Deployment/Multi-tenant. * Comfortable with Security aspects/techniques/technologies such as DAST, SAST, IAM/AuthN, RBAC/AuthZ, API/Endpoint Security, Secrets Management, Encryption, Logging Aggregation. * Comfortable with DevOps/Infra aspects/techniques such as Cloud Hosting, CICD, IaC, Containers/Clusters, Serverless, Load Balancing, Observability, HA (High Availability), DR (Disaster Recovery) and SLAs. * Comfortable with Data Governance aspects/techniques/technologies such as Classification, Licensing, Rights, Privacy, Sovereignty, Retention/DLM/ILM, Data Quality, Data Standards, Obfuscation, Catalog, Metadata. * Experienced working within Agile SDLC environments. * Able to work independently and as part of a team on multiple overlapping projects and manifest organization skills in order to effectively context-switch as needed. * Strong problem-solving and communication skills. Knowledge, Skills, And Abilities * Proven track record of working across multiple projects/workstreams and delivering high-quality results with innovation and creativity. * Communicates complex technical concepts effectively to diverse audiences, including technical and non-technical teams. * Collaborates seamlessly across departments with varying levels of technical expertise. * Demonstrates a strong understanding of system-wide impacts and interdependencies across products, teams, and the organization. * Develops and implements innovative solutions that challenge the status quo and drive process improvement. Estimated Salary Range: $182,000 - $214,000 plus bonusThe base salary range represents the anticipated low and high end of the GHX’ssalary range for this position. The base salary is one component of GHX’s totalcompensation package for employees. Other rewards and benefits include: health,vision, and dental insurance, accident and life insurance, 401k matching,paid-time off, and education reimbursement, to name a few. To view more detailsof our benefits, visit us here: https://www.ghx.com/about/careers/GHX: It's the way you do business in healthcareGlobal Healthcare Exchange (GHX) enables better patient care and billions insavings for the healthcare community by maximizing automation, efficiency andaccuracy of business processes.GHX is a healthcare business and data automation company, empowering healthcareorganizations to enable better patient care and maximize industry savings usingour world class cloud-based supply chain technology exchange platform,solutions, analytics and services. We bring together healthcare providers andmanufacturers and distributors in North America and Europe - who rely on smart,secure healthcare-focused technology and comprehensive data to automate theirbusiness processes and make more informed decisions.It is our passion and vision for a more operationally efficient healthcaresupply chain, helping organizations reduce - not shift - the cost of doingbusiness, paving the way to delivering patient care more effectively. Togetherwe take more than a billion dollars out of the cost of delivering healthcareevery year. GHX is privately owned, operates in the United States, Canada andEurope, and employs more than 1000 people worldwide. Our corporate headquartersis in Colorado, with additional offices in Europe.DisclaimerGlobal Healthcare Exchange, LLC and its North American subsidiaries(collectively, “GHX”) provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to allemployees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, nationalorigin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, age, geneticinformation, disability, veteran status or any other status protected byapplicable law. All qualified applicants will receive consideration foremployment without regard to any status protected by applicable law. This EEOpolicy applies to all terms, conditions, and privileges of employment, includinghiring, training and development, promotion, transfer, compensation, benefits,educational assistance, termination, layoffs, social and recreational programs,and retirement.GHX believes that employees should be provided with a workingenvironment which enables each employee to be productive and to work to the bestof his or her ability. We do not condone or tolerate an atmosphere ofintimidation or harassment based on race, color, national origin, sex, sexualorientation, gender identity, religion, age, genetic information, disability,veteran status or any other status protected by applicable law. GHX expects andrequires the cooperation of all employees in maintaining a discrimination andharassment-free atmosphere. Improper interference with the ability of GHX’semployees to perform their expected job duties is absolutely not tolerated.Read our GHX Privacy PolicyShow more Show less