# Staff Software Engineer, Vehicle Behaviors (ML Focus)

**Company:** STACK AV
**Location:** United States
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

About StackStack is developing revolutionary AI and advanced autonomous systems designed toenhance safety, reliability, and efficiency of modern operations. Stack'sautonomous technology incorporates cutting-edge advancements in artificialintelligence, robotics, machine learning, and cloud technologies, empowering usto create innovative solutions that address the needs and challenges of thedynamic trucking transportation industry. With decades of experience creatingand deploying real world systems for demanding environments, the Stack team isdedicated to developing an autonomous solution ecosystem tailored to thetrucking industry's unique demands.About The TeamThe Vehicle Behaviors team is responsible for improving the decision-makingcapabilities and reliability of the AV in real world scenarios. Working broadlyacross domains and planning components, this team owns everything from ML-basedAgent Predictions and Ego Trajectory Generation to safety-critical andheuristic-driven components like Trajectory Selection, to off-board metrics andtools used to measure performance and prevent regressions. This team has some ofthe most visible, high-impact work on the AV’s performance and plenty ofchallenging problems still to solve.About The RoleWe are looking for strong machine learning engineers to help in developing anddeploying motion planning components for next generation self-driving systems.This requires strong ownership over critical components that cross domainboundaries. Candidates need to understand, experiment, improve, and fieldstate-of-the-art machine learning systems in real-time, safety-criticalapplications. We are focused on building a product. Candidates should have amission-driven mindset and customer-centric obsession to deliver a compellingproduct, and be able to work with significant cross-functional interactions. Youmight be a good fit for this role if you have experience with any of thefollowing: * Deploying state of the art ML models or architectures to solve planning problems on fielded products * Refining ML outputs for use in down-stream planning components * Integrating ML-based planning techniques side-by-side with heuristic approaches in production * Building data mining, data introspection, or other critical ML tooling ResponsibilitiesWhat Success Looks Like * Design, scope, implement, and integrate machine learning systems to solve on-vehicle behavior problems in a real-time, resource-constrained environment. * Develop tooling and infrastructure necessary to measure and iterate on ML models * Provide input in the technical direction for the team, and work cross-functionally to develop safe systems. This will include working closely with other teams such as perception, localization, and controls to ensure that the input to the motion planning modules is appropriate. * Work closely with systems engineers to ensure a safe, well tested product is delivered. * Work closely with verification teams to ensure proper testing and validation of the motion planning modules. Make extensive use of unit testing, simulation, and log simulation to properly validate their work. * Collaborate with other autonomy teams including perception, localization, controls, etc. to ensure solutions are appropriate for real-world performance * Provide input to team roadmaps and ensure product features are properly prioritized. * Identify bottlenecks and limitations in system performance, and develop novel motion planning components to unlock new capabilities and ensure a reliable system. * Be involved in experimentation, design and iteration exercises, and help to align stakeholders by using strong presentation and communication skills. Experience * Strong Python skills * Experience with key ML libraries like PyTorch and TensorRT * Experience with cloud orchestration tools like Flyte * Exceptional written and verbal communications skills * Experience developing code for real-world robotics/semi-autonomous platform We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We believe that diverse teamsproduce the best ideas and outcomes. We are committed to building a culture ofinclusion, entrepreneurship, and innovation across gender, race, age, sexualorientation, religion, disability, and identity.Check out our Privacy Policy.Please Note: Pursuant to its business activities and use of technology, Stack AVcomplies with all applicable U.S. national security laws, regulations, andadministrative requirements, which can restrict Stack AV’s ability to employcertain persons in certain positions pursuant to a range of nationalsecurity-related requirements. As such, this position may be contingent uponStack AV verifying a candidate’s residence, U.S. person status, and/orcitizenship status. This position may also involve working with software andtechnologies subject to U.S. export control regulations. Under theseregulations, it may be necessary for Stack AV to obtain a U.S. government exportlicense prior to releasing its technologies to certain persons. If Stack AVdetermines that a candidate’s residence, U.S. person status, and/or citizenshipstatus will require a license, prohibit the candidate from working in thisposition, or otherwise be subject to national security-related restrictions,Stack AV expressly reserves the right to either consider the candidate for adifferent position that is not subject to such restrictions, on whatever termsand conditions Stack AV shall establish in its sole discretion, or, in thealternative, decline to move forward with the candidate’s application.Show more Show less