# Engineering Manager

**Company:** CLOUDBEDS
**Location:** Romania
**Score:** 85 (Tier B)
**Status:** applied

---

What Makes Us Unique At Cloudbeds, we're not just building software, we’re transforming hospitality.Our intelligently designed platform powers properties across 150 countries,processing billions in bookings annually. From independent properties to hotelgroups, we help hoteliers transform operations and uplevel their commercialstrategy through a unified platform that integrates with hundreds of partners.And we do it with a completely remote team. Imagine working alongside globalinnovators to build AI-powered solutions that solve hoteliers' biggestchallenges. Since our founding in 2012, we've become the World's Best Hotel PMSSolutions Provider and landed on Deloitte's Technology Fast 500 again in 2024 –but we're just getting started. How You'll Make an Impact:Together we're on a mission to power every property in the world and to do that,we need to find the best talent in the world. That's why we're on the search fora superstar Engineering Manager. As an Engineering Manager at Cloudbeds, you will lead a remote team of SoftwareEngineers to deliver frequent and high-impact value to our customers in over 150countries. In an agile and high-growth environment, you will work acrossdepartments to eliminate obstacles by continuously experimenting with new andcreative ideas to optimize performance, quality, and communication. This is an opportunity to be part of a company completely transforming the worldof travel technology. You will be an essential member of the team as we marchtoward our goal to power every lodging business in the world.Location: Remote - EuropeWhat You Bring to the Team: * Manage a high-performing, agile software team in a rapidly growing, global organization. * Be a hands-on manager and be able to contribute to the codebase. Actively participate in coding and development tasks, contributing your expertise and technical skills to ensure the successful implementation of software solutions. Lead by example and be a role model for the team. * Conduct regular code reviews to ensure adherence to coding standards, best practices, and maintainable code. Work closely with the team to identify and address technical challenges and ensure high-quality deliverables. * Foster a collaborative and inclusive team environment. Promote effective communication, knowledge sharing, and cross-team collaboration to facilitate the successful execution of projects. * Set performance expectations and conduct regular performance evaluations for team members. Provide feedback, coaching, and mentorship to support their growth and development. * Identify opportunities for process optimization, automation, and efficiency improvements within the software development lifecycle. Implement best practices and establish scalable processes to enhance team productivity. * Partner closely with engineering, product, and leadership to facilitate project delivery.What Sets You Up for Success: * 7+ years of backend development experience (e.g. PHP or Java) * 2 + years of experience managing remote, international backend engineers * A passion for delivering value to customers via agile software development. * Excellent knowledge of SaaS software technologies, best practices, and design patterns * Excellent project management and organizational skills * Excellent time management, prioritization, and decision-making skills driving high-impact, rapid, and iterative change in a fast-moving environment * Excellent communication, documentation, and presentation skills * Experience with coaching and mentorship to elevate team performance * BS or MS in computer science or a related technical fieldBonus Skills to Stand Out: * Knowledge of Python, MySQL, Terraform * Experience programming or supporting applications in Amazon Web Services * Experience with service-oriented, micro-service, or serverless architectures What to Expect - Your Journey with Us Behind Cloudbeds' revolutionary technology is a team of redefining what'spossible in hospitality. We're 650+ employees across 40+ countries, bringingtogether elite engineers, AI architects, world-class designers, and hospitalityveterans to solve challenges others haven't dared to tackle. Our diverse teamspeaks 30+ languages, but we all share one language: a passion for innovationand travel. From pioneering breakthroughs in machine learning to revolutionizinghow hotels operate, we're not just watching the future of hospitality unfold –we're coding it, designing it, writing it and shipping it. If you're ready towork alongside some of the brightest minds in tech who are obsessed with usingAI to transform a trillion-dollar industry, this is your chance to be part ofsomething extraordinary.Learn more online at cloudbeds.comCompany Awards to Check Out! * Best All-In-One Hotel Management System | HotelTechAwards (2025) * Overall 10 Best Places to Work | HotelTechAwards (2025) * Most Loved Workplace® Certified (2024) * Top 10 People’s Choice(2024) * Deloitte Technology Fast 500 (2024) Discover our Benefits: * Remote First, Remote Always * PTO in accordance with local labor requirements * 2 corporate apartment accommodations for team member use for free (San Diego & São Paulo) * Monthly Wellness Fridays - enjoy an extra long weekend every month * Full Paid Parental Leave * Home office stipend based on country of residency * Professional development courses in Cloudbeds University * Access to professional development, including manager training, upskilling and knowledge transfer.Everyone is Welcome - A Culutre of Inclusion Cloudbeds is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer that celebrates thediversity in our global team! We do not discriminate based upon race, religion,color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or relatedmedical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression,age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability,or other applicable legally protected characteristics.Cloudbeds is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. Aspart of this commitment, Cloudbeds will ensure that persons with disabilitiesare provided reasonable accommodations in the hiring process. We encourage deaf,hard of hearing, deaf-blind, and deaf-disabled individuals to apply. Ifreasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application orinterview process or to perform essential job functions, please contact our HRteam by phone at 858-201-7832 or via email at accommodations@cloudbeds.com.Cloudbeds will provide an American Sign Language (ASL) interpreter where neededas a reasonable accommodation for the hiring processes.To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only forindividuals seeking a job at Cloudbeds. Staffing, recruiting agencies, andindividuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this siteor to submit applications, and any such submissions will be consideredunsolicited. Cloudbeds does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications fromagencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Cloudbeds employees,or any other company location. Cloudbeds is not responsible for any fees relatedto unsolicited resumes/applications.Show more Show less