# Senior Software Engineer

**Company:** DOMAINTOOLS
**Location:** Romania
**Score:** 23 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

DomainTools is hiring a Senior Software Engineer to join our Engineering Team.This role is perfect for a creative problem-solver with deep expertise inlarge-scale data engineering and a passion for technical leadership andcontinuous improvement. You'll be a key technical collaborator, not onlydesigning and maintaining complex systems but also accelerating engineeringproductivity and mentoring the next generation of engineers.We are looking for someone with a strong background in Python, Rust, GoLang, andcloud infrastructure (AWS, Docker, Kubernetes) who is eager to take on bigchallenges and deliver high-quality, impactful results.Job Responsibilities * Design, code and maintain web-scale data systems * Discover, analyze and validate new data sets to add value for our customers * Creative problem solving to necessarily complex systems * Research, prove and employ cutting edge techniques & technologies * Provide code reviews, design feedback, demos, technical requirements & documentation * Provide accurate, scope, estimates for time, capacity & costs of projects * Improve the lives of your coworkers by accelerating engineering productivity, reducing operational toil and increasing consistency * Provide technical leadership, assist in on-boarding & mentoring of junior engineers RequirementsKey Applicant Qualifications * 5+ years of professional development experience with Python, GoLang, Rust or equivalent languages. Expertise in Rust and Python is highly valued. * 3+ years of experience with cloud infrastructure, specifically AWS, Docker, and Kubernetes. * 3+ years of experience with web-scale data engineering, leveraging data stores such as OpenSearch, Postgres (or PSQL), CockroachDB and Spark. * 3+ years of professional experience with Kafka. * 5+ years of experience working with Linux/Unix environments. * Excellent written and verbal communication skills. * Proven ability to coordinate effectively between multiple teams. * A positive attitude, strong interpersonal skills, and a genuine enjoyment of collaborating with, mentoring and assisting teammates. * Exceptional attention to detail and a commitment to delivering high-quality results. * Demonstrated history of high initiative and productivity that consistently adds value. * A proactive attitude towards continuous learning, particularly in unfamiliar domains. * Excited and passionate about working within the security space. Pluses * Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science/related field or equivalent experience * Design, implementation and/or maintenance of CICD & microservices * Experience with Data Pipelines such as ElasticSearch, NATS or Apache Airflow * Experience with data mining or machine learning techniques * Experience with text codec, encoding & web protocols * Bash, Scala, C, or Hive development experience * Experience with full stack development Work Hours{{:}} This role requires availability during U.S. Business HoursShow more Show less