# Senior Software Engineer

**Company:** CLOUDBEDS
**Location:** Romania
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

What Makes Us Unique At Cloudbeds, we're not just building software, we’re transforming hospitality.Our intelligently designed platform powers properties across 150 countries,processing billions in bookings annually. From independent properties to hotelgroups, we help hoteliers transform operations and uplevel their commercialstrategy through a unified platform that integrates with hundreds of partners.And we do it with a completely remote team. Imagine working alongside globalinnovators to build AI-powered solutions that solve hoteliers' biggestchallenges. Since our founding in 2012, we've become the World's Best Hotel PMSSolutions Provider and landed on Deloitte's Technology Fast 500 again in 2024 –but we're just getting started. Location: Remote EuropeHow You'll Make an Impact:Together we're on a mission to power every property in the world and to do that,we need to find the best talent in the world. That's why we're on the search fora superstar Senior Software Engineer, to help us reinvent the world ofhospitality tech and travel.As a Senior Software Engineer, you will help design and deliver the corefeatures for our customers, working with the Product team and other engineers todeliver high-scale performant features rapidly. Your work will be critical tothe success of Cloudbeds and its partner ecosystem, delivering high reliabilityand quality in a distributed cloud environment spanning Cloudbeds and ourpartners. Our development strategy is to deliver trusted, scalable, and reliable productsleveraging the best of modern technologies, tools, and standards. For theSenior Software Engineering role, we are looking for someone who has worked witha broad range of patterns, practices, libraries, and frameworks. You willparticipate in strategic decisions regarding the use of libraries and tools. You will assist with the refinement of requirements, architectural design,exploratory development, creation of new components, and the adoption of newtools and techniques.What You Bring to the Team: * Participate as a member of an agile engineering team, contributing (following best practices) to our application codebase daily. * Develop in the existing codebase using PHP and Java. * Engage in discussions on complex technical concepts and requirements with both technical and non-technical stakeholders. * Write clean, well-tested, well-documented, and elegant code. * Support a team environment where skill, knowledge, and capability are fostered and highly valued. * Assist in researching new technologies to ensure the best fit, quality, and outcome. * Collaborate with our customers and partners to find the best solution to problemsWhat Sets You Up for Success: * 5+ years of PHP or Java web application software engineering experience. * 2+ years experience working with relational databases * 1+ years of experience in designing and developing event-driven microservices * A solid understanding of REST API’s and best practices * Solid understanding of secure software engineering concerns. * Dedication towards observability by leveraging metrics, experiments, and prototypes to ensure decisions are data-driven. * Strong knowledge and a passion for software engineering best practices, design patterns, and automated testing. * Strong teamwork and time management skills. * Business-level English fluency required (verbal and written skills)Bonus Skills to Stand Out: * Experience working with a remote-first and globally distributed team * Experience in engineering software for large-scale solutions, utilizing modern tooling to get you there. * Experience developing in Java, PHP or Python * Experience with modern infrastructure tooling (e.g. DataDog, GitHub, Kubernetes, Docker, AWS). * Travel industry experience is a plus but not required. * Experience with large-scale Domain Driven DesignWhat to Expect - Your Journey with Us Behind Cloudbeds' revolutionary technology is a team of redefining what'spossible in hospitality. We're 650+ employees across 40+ countries, bringingtogether elite engineers, AI architects, world-class designers, and hospitalityveterans to solve challenges others haven't dared to tackle. Our diverse teamspeaks 30+ languages, but we all share one language: a passion for innovationand travel. From pioneering breakthroughs in machine learning to revolutionizinghow hotels operate, we're not just watching the future of hospitality unfold –we're coding it, designing it, writing it and shipping it. If you're ready towork alongside some of the brightest minds in tech who are obsessed with usingAI to transform a trillion-dollar industry, this is your chance to be part ofsomething extraordinary.Learn more online at cloudbeds.comCompany Awards to Check Out! * Best All-In-One Hotel Management System | HotelTechAwards (2025) * Overall 10 Best Places to Work | HotelTechAwards (2025) * Most Loved Workplace® Certified (2024) * Top 10 People’s Choice(2024) * Deloitte Technology Fast 500 (2024) Discover our Benefits: * Remote First, Remote Always * PTO in accordance with local labor requirements * 2 corporate apartment accommodations for team member use for free (San Diego & São Paulo) * Monthly Wellness Fridays - enjoy an extra long weekend every month * Full Paid Parental Leave * Home office stipend based on country of residency * Professional development courses in Cloudbeds University * Access to professional development, including manager training, upskilling and knowledge transfer.Everyone is Welcome - A Culutre of Inclusion Cloudbeds is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer that celebrates thediversity in our global team! We do not discriminate based upon race, religion,color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or relatedmedical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression,age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability,or other applicable legally protected characteristics.Cloudbeds is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. Aspart of this commitment, Cloudbeds will ensure that persons with disabilitiesare provided reasonable accommodations in the hiring process. We encourage deaf,hard of hearing, deaf-blind, and deaf-disabled individuals to apply. Ifreasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application orinterview process or to perform essential job functions, please contact our HRteam by phone at 858-201-7832 or via email at accommodations@cloudbeds.com.Cloudbeds will provide an American Sign Language (ASL) interpreter where neededas a reasonable accommodation for the hiring processes.To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only forindividuals seeking a job at Cloudbeds. Staffing, recruiting agencies, andindividuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this siteor to submit applications, and any such submissions will be consideredunsolicited. Cloudbeds does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications fromagencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Cloudbeds employees,or any other company location. Cloudbeds is not responsible for any fees relatedto unsolicited resumes/applications.Show more Show less