# Senior Software Engineer, Frontend (Bucharest/ Cluj)

**Company:** CRESTA
**Location:** Romania 46 minutes ago
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Cresta is on a mission to turn every customer conversation into a competitiveadvantage by unlocking the true potential of the contact center. Our platformcombines the best of AI and human intelligence to help contact centers discovercustomer insights and behavioral best practices, automate conversations andinefficient processes, and empower every team member to work smarter and faster.Born from the prestigious Stanford AI lab, Cresta's co-founder and chairman isSebastian Thrun, the genius behind Google X, Waymo, Udacity, and more. Ourleadership also includes CEO, Ping Wu, the co-founder of Google Contact CenterAI and Vertex AI platform, and co-founder, Tim Shi, an early member of Open AI.We’ve assembled a world-class team of AI and ML experts, go-to-market leaders,and top-tier investors including Andreessen Horowitz, Greylock Partners,Sequoia, and former AT&T CEO John Donovan. Our valued customers include brandslike Intuit, Cox Communications, Hilton, and Carmax and we’ve been recognized byForbes and Bain Consulting as one of the top private AI companies in the world.Join us on this thrilling journey to revolutionize the workforce with AI. Thefuture of work is here, and it's at Cresta.Cresta is excited to expand our operations to Romania and build a tech hub inthe region. These early joiners will play a key role in establishing ourengineering team in Romania, helping to shape the future of the site. We are aremote-first environment, offering opportunities to work with a global teamacross Europe, the US, and Canada. Over time, we aim to create a co-workingspace in Romania, moving towards a hybrid environment.Join us on this thrilling journey to revolutionize the workforce with AI. Thefuture of work is here, and it's at Cresta.About The RoleAs a Senior full-stack engineer, with a front-end focus, you will be at theforefront of shaping the future of customer engagement! As we work towards ourvision, you'll be instrumental in delivering timely, actionable insights thatdrive business growth from day one. We're building a state-of-the-art CustomerData Platform, visualizing relevant insights for businesses post-onboarding andguiding customer engagement across all touch-points. Be part of the team that'sredefining the way businesses connect with their customers!Responsibilities * Work with the product manager to define and detail the product requirements * Define software architecture and design matching the requirements * Write and push high-quality code efficiently for both the frontend and backend * Apply synchronous and asynchronous design patterns * Scale distributed applications * Identify and leverage opportunities to improve general engineering productivity * Integrate with various tools for CI/CD, test automation, monitoring, logging, documentation * Develop multi-tier scalable, high-volume performing, and reliable user-centric applications that operate 24x7 Qualifications We Value * A deep understanding of the modern front-end ecosystem and experience applying frameworks/tools (React.js, Webpack, and Node.js) and patterns to complex, production web applications * Comfortable defining and building robust APIs with a strong understanding for different protocols like Websockets, REST, RPC frameworks, etc * Experience with database schema design and an understanding of query performance that translates to performant, scalable, and reactive products * Deep appreciation for building applications with observability as a first-class principle and familiarity with application performance monitoring * Preferably extensive experience coding in TypeScript and Go ConclusionCompensation for this position includes a base salary, equity, and a variety ofbenefits. Actual base salaries will be based on candidate-specific factors,including experience, skillset, and location, as well as applicable local payrequirements. We are actively hiring for this role in Romania, the US, andCanada. Your recruiter can provide further details.We have noticed a rise in recruiting impersonations across the industry, wherescammers attempt to access candidates' personal and financial informationthrough fake interviews and offers. All Cresta recruiting email communicationswill always come from the @cresta.ai domain. Any outreach claiming to be fromCresta via other sources should be ignored. If you are uncertain whether youhave been contacted by an official Cresta employee, reach out torecruiting@cresta.aiShow more Show less