# Sr. Software Engineer - CharlotteAI (Remote, ROU)

**Company:** CROWDSTRIKE
**Location:** Romania
**Score:** 92 (Tier C)
**Status:** N/A

---

As a global leader in cybersecurity, CrowdStrike protects the people, processesand technologies that drive modern organizations. Since 2011, our mission hasn’tchanged — we’re here to stop breaches, and we’ve redefined modern security withthe world’s most advanced AI-native platform. We work on large scale distributedsystems, processing almost 3 trillion events per day and this traffic is growingdaily. Our customers span all industries, and they count on CrowdStrike to keeptheir businesses running, their communities safe and their lives moving forward.We’re also a mission-driven company. We cultivate a culture that gives everyCrowdStriker both the flexibility and autonomy to own their careers. We’realways looking to add talented CrowdStrikers to the team who have limitlesspassion, a relentless focus on innovation and a fanatical commitment to ourcustomers, our community and each other. Ready to join a mission that matters?The future of cybersecurity starts with you.About The Role:CrowdStrike is looking for a Cloud Software Engineer to join our growingCharlotte AI Engineering Team. Our new colleague will be responsible forbuilding globally distributed, fault-tolerant, and highly scalable cloudecosystems using Golang and Large Language Models. Prior experience with Golangand LLMs is not required, but will be helpful.CrowdStrike is a computer security company, but we do not require candidates forthis role to have prior security industry experience. We will mentor and trainin security topics as needed. We do expect a strong interest in CrowdStrike'smission and a willingness to engage with the needs of our product teams andcustomers.About The Product:CrowdStrike has pioneered the use of artificial intelligence (AI) since we firstintroduced AI-powered protection to replace signature-based antivirus over 10years ago, and we’ve continued to deeply integrate it across our platform since.Using the recent advances in Large Language Models technologies, CrowdStrikeintroduced Charlotte AI, a new generative AI security analyst. It uses theworld’s highest-fidelity security data and it is seamlessly integrated withCrowdStrike’s industry-leading threat hunters, managed detection and responseoperators, and incident response experts. Charlotte AI engine represents a firstof its type offering empowering users of all skill levels to leverage the dataavailable in the Falcon Platform,while reducing security operations complexityand cost.Learn more about Charlotte AI:https://www.crowdstrike.com/products/charlotte-ai/What You'll Do: * Advance backend microservices, pinpointing and addressing critical concerns to implement effective solutions. * Employ established CrowdStrike tools and services to build cloud solutions for detecting and countering targeted cyber assaults. * Innovate with Large Language Models to develop and refine Charlotte AI's capabilities. * Construct and maintain data pipelines, engage in data upkeep, and contribute to the training and implementation of custom LLMs. * Collaborate across various teams to brainstorm, define, and devise solutions. * Commit to ongoing learning and self-improvement. * Stay attuned to our customers' challenges, always seeking ways to enhance support. * Emphasize top-tier coding quality by adhering to best practices, rigorous testing, and thorough logging and metrics. * Work within a collaborative and agile team environment. * Contribute to mentoring fellow engineers across a spectrum of technologies and also absorb knowledge from them. * Constantly explore ways to refine product architecture, knowledge models, user experience, performance, and reliability. * Own your work with autonomy, end to end: develop, test, deploy and monitor your changes. * Thrive in an environment that highly values trust. What You'll Need: * Degree in Computer Science (or professional experience in data structures/algorithms/distributed systems). * Prior work experience with big data and microservices. * Understanding scalability and distributed systems i.e. sharding, partitioning, concurrency, etc. * Being a team player. * A thorough understanding of engineering best practices from appropriate testing paradigms to effective peer code reviews and resilient architecture. * The ability to thrive in a test-driven, collaborative, and iterative programming environment. * The skills to meet your commitments on time and produce high-quality software that is unit tested, code reviewed and checked in regularly for continuous integration. Tech Stack (not mandatory to know everything; a robust learning capacity isessential): * Go (Golang) * Python * Docker * Kubernetes * AWS * Redis / S3 / EC2 / IAM * Kafka * GIT * Cassandra * ElasticSearch Bonus Points: * Existing exposure to Go, AWS, Cassandra, Kafka, Elasticsearch. * Experience with Language Models, Data Science, Data Engineering. * Prior experience in the cybersecurity or intelligence fields. Benefits Of Working At CrowdStrike: * Market leader in compensation and equity awards * Comprehensive physical and mental wellness programs * Competitive vacation and holidays for recharge * Paid parental and adoption leaves * Professional development opportunities for all employees regardless of level or role * Employee Networks, geographic neighborhood groups, and volunteer opportunities to build connections * Vibrant office culture with world class amenities * Great Place to Work Certified™ across the globe CrowdStrike is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed tofostering a culture of belonging where everyone is valued for who they are andempowered to succeed. We support veterans and individuals with disabilitiesthrough our affirmative action program.CrowdStrike is committed to providing equal employment opportunity for allemployees and applicants for employment. The Company does not discriminate inemployment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, creed,ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy or pregnancy-related medicalconditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, marital or family status,veteran status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical disability (includingHIV and AIDS), mental disability, medical condition, genetic information,membership or activity in a local human rights commission, status with regard topublic assistance, or any other characteristic protected by law. We base allemployment decisions--including recruitment, selection, training, compensation,benefits, discipline, promotions, transfers, lay-offs, return from lay-off,terminations and social/recreational programs--on valid job requirements.If you need assistance accessing or reviewing the information on this website orneed help submitting an application for employment or requesting anaccommodation, please contact us at recruiting@crowdstrike.com for furtherassistance.,Bonus Points: * Existing exposure to Go, AWS, Cassandra, Kafka, Elasticsearch. * Experience with Language Models, Data Science, Data Engineering. * Prior experience in the cybersecurity or intelligence fields. Show more Show less