# Senior Backend Engineer

**Company:** CLOUDBEDS
**Location:** Romania
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

What Makes Us Unique At Cloudbeds, we're not just building software, we’re transforming hospitality.Our intelligently designed platform powers properties across 150 countries,processing billions in bookings annually. From independent properties to hotelgroups, we help hoteliers transform operations and uplevel their commercialstrategy through a unified platform that integrates with hundreds of partners.And we do it with a completely remote team. Imagine working alongside globalinnovators to build AI-powered solutions that solve hoteliers' biggestchallenges. Since our founding in 2012, we've become the World's Best Hotel PMSSolutions Provider and landed on Deloitte's Technology Fast 500 again in 2024 –but we're just getting started. Job Title: Senior Software EngineerWhat Makes Us Unique:At Cloudbeds, we're not just building software, we’re transforming hospitality.Our intelligently designed platform powers properties across 150 countries,processing billions in bookings annually. From independent properties to hotelgroups, we help hoteliers transform operations and uplevel their commercialstrategy through a unified platform that integrates with hundreds of partners.And we do it with a completely remote team. Imagine working alongside globalinnovators to build AI-powered solutions that solve hoteliers' biggestchallenges. Since our founding in 2012, we've become the World's Best Hotel PMSSolutions Provider and landed on Deloitte's Technology Fast 500 again in 2024 –but we're just getting started. How You'll Make an Impact:As a Senior Software Engineer, you will help deliver an exceptional productexperience to our customers all around the world. This could be for hotelguests, creating a user experience that makes travelers feel welcome,comfortable, and inspired to share the joy of travel with others. Or it could befor our accommodation providers, building trusted, simple, easy-to-use featuresto support key aspects of their daily business. Helping nearly 10,000 propertiesglobally to process billions in transactions every year.Our Payments Team:At Cloudbeds, our Payments tribe builds the systems that keep money movingsecurely, efficiently, and globally for thousands of our customers. We lovesolving complex, interconnected problems, integrating with global partner APIs,designing for compliance and security, and constantly iterating on better, morescalable payment solutions. Working on Cloudbeds Payments means joining a supportive, collaborative group ofengineers who are building the financial backbone of the industry, together.What You Bring to the Team:Ownership mindset: You take responsibility for the quality and reliability ofyour contributions, collaborating closely with peers to design, build, andoperate systems together. Technical excellence: You write clean, maintainable,and well-tested code. Caring deeply about system quality, performance, andscalability craftsmanship: You’re skilled at integrating with complex partnerAPIs and designing resilient, secure interfaces for payment systems. Securityand compliance awareness: You understand the importance of PCI, data privacy,and secure-by-design principles in payment systems. Collaboration underpressure: You thrive in problem-solving moments, communicate clearly, andcontribute to quick resolutions. Continuous learning: You’re curious about howthings connect across the platform, eager to learn from peers, and open tosharing your own knowledge. Strategic thinking: You see beyond the task,understanding how architectural decisions impact scalability, costs, andlong-term flexibility.What Sets You Up for Success: * 5+ years of PHP web application software engineering experience. * 2+ years of experience working with MySQL or PostgreSQL. Tuning and optimization skills are preferred. * 1+ years of experience in designing and developing event-driven microservices in either PHP or Java. * Experience with modern infrastructure tooling (e.g. DataDog, GitHub Actions, Kubernetes, Docker, AWS, Terraform, ArgoCD). * A strong business sense and ability to collaborate with leadership and non-technical stakeholders on highly visible projects. * Dedication towards observability by leveraging metrics, experiments, and prototypes to ensure decisions are data-driven. * Strong knowledge and a passion for software engineering best practices, design patterns, and automated testing.Bonus Skills to Stand Out (Optional): * Solid understanding of secure software engineering with experience in regulated environments; familiarity with PCI-DSS, similar compliance frameworks preferred. * Experience in engineering software for large-scale solutions, utilizing modern tooling to get you there, and Experience with large-scale Domain Driven Design * Experience in the Payments domain and/or travel industry experience. What to Expect - Your Journey with Us Behind Cloudbeds' revolutionary technology is a team of redefining what'spossible in hospitality. We're 650+ employees across 40+ countries, bringingtogether elite engineers, AI architects, world-class designers, and hospitalityveterans to solve challenges others haven't dared to tackle. Our diverse teamspeaks 30+ languages, but we all share one language: a passion for innovationand travel. From pioneering breakthroughs in machine learning to revolutionizinghow hotels operate, we're not just watching the future of hospitality unfold –we're coding it, designing it, writing it and shipping it. If you're ready towork alongside some of the brightest minds in tech who are obsessed with usingAI to transform a trillion-dollar industry, this is your chance to be part ofsomething extraordinary.Learn more online at cloudbeds.comCompany Awards to Check Out! * Best All-In-One Hotel Management System | HotelTechAwards (2025) * Overall 10 Best Places to Work | HotelTechAwards (2025) * Most Loved Workplace® Certified (2024) * Top 10 People’s Choice(2024) * Deloitte Technology Fast 500 (2024) Discover our Benefits: * Remote First, Remote Always * PTO in accordance with local labor requirements * 2 corporate apartment accommodations for team member use for free (San Diego & São Paulo) * Monthly Wellness Fridays - enjoy an extra long weekend every month * Full Paid Parental Leave * Home office stipend based on country of residency * Professional development courses in Cloudbeds University * Access to professional development, including manager training, upskilling and knowledge transfer.Everyone is Welcome - A Culutre of Inclusion Cloudbeds is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer that celebrates thediversity in our global team! We do not discriminate based upon race, religion,color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or relatedmedical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression,age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability,or other applicable legally protected characteristics.Cloudbeds is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. Aspart of this commitment, Cloudbeds will ensure that persons with disabilitiesare provided reasonable accommodations in the hiring process. We encourage deaf,hard of hearing, deaf-blind, and deaf-disabled individuals to apply. Ifreasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application orinterview process or to perform essential job functions, please contact our HRteam by phone at 858-201-7832 or via email at accommodations@cloudbeds.com.Cloudbeds will provide an American Sign Language (ASL) interpreter where neededas a reasonable accommodation for the hiring processes.To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only forindividuals seeking a job at Cloudbeds. Staffing, recruiting agencies, andindividuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this siteor to submit applications, and any such submissions will be consideredunsolicited. Cloudbeds does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications fromagencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Cloudbeds employees,or any other company location. Cloudbeds is not responsible for any fees relatedto unsolicited resumes/applications.Show more Show less