# Cloud Architect

**Company:** ASCENDION
**Location:** Romania
**Score:** 85 (Tier B)
**Status:** applied

---

We are seeking a Cloud Architect with extensive experience designing, deploying,and optimizing secure, scalable cloud solutions across Azure. Strong backgroundin cloud migration, infrastructure automation, CI/CD, and DevOps practices, witha proven ability to translate business requirements into resilient cloudarchitectures.Minimum skills & qualifications: * Hands-on experience in design and delivery of solutions using Terraform & Terragrunt, Github, Github Actions. Python knowledge is nice to have, but not required. No, this is not a buzzword list, this is the tech you’d be working with. * Understanding of Azure Cloud security, Azure networking, IAM. * Knowledge and understanding of the Azure Cloud Adoption Framework. * General Knowledge of the Enterprise Scale Landing Zone framework. * Hands-on experience with Software Design and Release Management is a plus. * Devops experience is a plus, but willingness to learn devops is a must have. * Solid engineering/technical background/hands-on experience with conceptualising, strategizing and designing software solutions. * Certification from Azure on a expert level is a plus, Google or AWS knowledge is a plus.About Us:Ascendion is a global, leading provider of AI-first software engineeringservices, delivering transformative solutions across North America, APAC, andEurope. We are headquartered in New Jersey. We combine technology and talent todeliver tech debt relief, improve engineering productivity solutions, andaccelerate time to value, driving our clients’ digital journeys with efficiencyand velocity. Guided by our “Engineering to the power of AI” [EngineeringAI]methodology, we integrate AI into software engineering, enterprise operations,and talent orchestration, to address critical challenges of trust, speed, andcapital. For more information, please go to www.ascendion.comWith Ascendion (www.ascendion.com), you: * Will get to work on numerous challenging and exciting projects on our various offerings including Salesforce, AI/Data Science, Generative AI/ML, Automation, Cloud Enterprise and Product/Platform Engineering. * At Ascendion you have high chances of project extension or redeployment to other clients. * Additionally, you can also share CV of anyone you know. We have a referral policy in place.Show more Show less