# Data Architect IRC286424

**Company:** GLOBALLOGIC
**Location:** Romania
**Score:** 82 (Tier C)
**Status:** N/A

---

DescriptionThe client is a pioneer in medical devices for less invasive surgicalprocedures, ranking as a leader in the market for coronary stents. The company’smedical devices are used in a variety of interventional medical specialties,including interventional cardiology, peripheral interventions, vascular surgery,electrophysiology, neurovascular intervention, oncology, endoscopy, urology,gynecology, and neuromodulation.The client’s mission is to improve the quality of patient care and theproductivity of health care delivery through the development and advocacy ofless-invasive medical devices and procedures. This is accomplished through thecontinuing refinement of existing products and procedures and the investigationand development of new technologies that can reduce risk, trauma, cost,procedure time and the need for aftercare.RequirementsBoston Scientific is seeking a highly motivated R&D Data Engineer to support ourR&D team in data management and development of complex electro-mechanicalmedical device systems. In this role you will use your technical andcollaboration skills alongside your passion for data, innovation, and continuousimprovement to help drive our product development forward. * Design a systems level architecture for clinical, device, and imaging data and pipelines to support machine learning & classical algorithm development throughout the product lifecycle. * Ensure architecture supports high-throughput image ingestion, indexing, and retrieval. * Advance conceptual, logical, and physical data models for structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data. * Help define and document data standards and definitions. * Implement governance frameworks that enforce healthcare and data regulations to data architecture (HIPAA, FDA Part 11, GDPR, etc.). * Performs strategic validation tasks of data management tools and platforms * Collaborate closely with data scientists, cloud data engineers, algorithm engineers, clinical engineers, software engineers and systems engineers locally and globally. * Investigate, research, and recommend appropriate software designs, machine learning operations, tools for dataset organization, controls, and traceability. * In all actions, lead with integrity and demonstrate a primary commitment to patient safety and product quality by maintaining compliance to all documented quality processes and procedures. Job responsibilitiesRequired Qualifications * Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Data Science, Biomedical Engineering or related field * 6+ Years of relevant work experience with Bachelor’s degree * 3+ Years of relevant work experience with Masters or PhD * 4+ years of consistent coding in Python * Strong understanding and use of relational databases and clinical data models * Experience working with medical imaging data (DICOM) computer vision algorithms and tools * Experience with AWS and cloud technologies and AWS DevOps tools * Experience with creating and managing CI/CD pipelines in AWS * Experience with Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using Terraform, CloudFormation or AWS CDK * Excellent organizational, communication, and collaboration skills * Foundational knowledge in machine learning (ML) operations and imaging ML pipelines Preferred Qualifications * Experience with software validation in a regulated industry * Experience with Cloud imaging tools (ex. AWS Health Imaging, Azure Health Data Services) * Working knowledge of data de-identification/pseudonymization methods * Manipulating tabular metadata using SQL and Python’s Pandas library * Experience with the Atlassian Tool Chain * Data and annotation version control tools and processes * Knowledge of HIPAA, FDA regulations (21 CFR Part 11), GDPR for medical device data governance. What we offerCulture of caring. At GlobalLogic, we prioritize a culture of caring. Acrossevery region and department, at every level, we consistently put people first.From day one, you’ll experience an inclusive culture of acceptance andbelonging, where you’ll have the chance to build meaningful connections withcollaborative teammates, supportive managers, and compassionate leaders.Learning and development. We are committed to your continuous learning anddevelopment. You’ll learn and grow daily in an environment with manyopportunities to try new things, sharpen your skills, and advance your career atGlobalLogic. With our Career Navigator tool as just one example, GlobalLogicoffers a rich array of programs, training curricula, and hands-on opportunitiesto grow personally and professionally.Interesting & meaningful work. GlobalLogic is known for engineering impact forand with clients around the world. As part of our team, you’ll have the chanceto work on projects that matter. Each is a unique opportunity to engage yourcuriosity and creative problem-solving skills as you help clients reimaginewhat’s possible and bring new solutions to market. In the process, you’ll havethe privilege of working on some of the most cutting-edge and impactfulsolutions shaping the world today.Balance and flexibility. We believe in the importance of balance andflexibility. With many functional career areas, roles, and work arrangements,you can explore ways of achieving the perfect balance between your work andlife. Your life extends beyond the office, and we always do our best to help youintegrate and balance the best of work and life, having fun along the way!High-trust organization. We are a high-trust organization where integrity iskey. By joining GlobalLogic, you’re placing your trust in a safe, reliable, andethical global company. Integrity and trust are a cornerstone of our valueproposition to our employees and clients. You will find truthfulness, candor,and integrity in everything we do.About GlobalLogicGlobalLogic, a Hitachi Group Company, is a trusted digital engineering partnerto the world’s largest and most forward-thinking companies. Since 2000, we’vebeen at the forefront of the digital revolution – helping create some of themost innovative and widely used digital products and experiences. Today wecontinue to collaborate with clients in transforming businesses and redefiningindustries through intelligent products, platforms, and services.Show more Show less