# Senior Software Engineer - Fullstack with Java

**Company:** ORACLE
**Location:** Romania
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Job DescriptionThe Oracle Health & AI (OHAI) team can provide you the opportunity to build andoperate a suite of massive scale, integrated cloud services in a broadlydistributed, multi-tenant cloud environment. OHAI is committed to providing thebest in cloud products that meet the needs of our customers who are tacklingsome of the world's biggest challenges.Oracle Health & AI is a new organization trailblazing a transformative path inhealthcare through the power of AI. OHAI aims to transform the health careindustry, providing modernized, automated, patient-centric healthcare and makethe best clinical tools available around the world.https://finance.yahoo.com/news/physicians-reduce-documentation-time-30-141500503.htmlThe Oracle Digital Assistant (ODA) team, the conversational AI arm of OracleHealth & AI, is building the world’s largest SaaS Digital Assistant platform toenable customers to build conversational AI experiences for every conceivableneed. Everything from banking services to interactive digital storefronts topatient tracking tools and medical assistants for doctors. Leveraging theadvancements in Generative AI technologies, we seek to re-imagine healthcareapplications and experience for both patients and clinicians. Our team is at theforefront of revolutionizing healthcare through advanced conversational AI andclinical automation solutions.Required Skills/Qualifications * M.S / B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Engineering, or related areas. * 3+ years of relevant professional experience in software development preferably on cloud environments. * 3+ years of solid experience in Java. * Experience with containerization technologies (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes). * Good knowledge of relational databases technology (SQL). * Strong engineering and coding skills. * Deep understanding data structures, algorithms, async and object-oriented programming. * Strong understanding of asynchronous request handling, multithreading, multiprocessing, microservices and distributed systems fundamentals. * Experience driving and owning complete end to end features delivery from design, development to testing and documentation. * Aptitude to be a good team player and the willingness to learn and implement new technologies as needed. * Very good written and spoken English. Preferred Skills/Qualifications * Full stack experience with strong knowledge of JavaScript programming language. * Proven track record of successfully delivering on enterprise-level cloud applications on cloud environments like Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud, Oracle Cloud (OCI). * Experience with common cloud tech stack. (e.g., Kafka, Elasticsearch, Terraform). * Exposure to Grafana, Prometheus or other TSDB. * Experience with any one of the following (automation): Jenkins, Hudson, Maven, Artifactory etc. * Basic understanding of machine learning and artificial intelligence concepts. * Working with or supporting production, test, and development environments for medium to large user environments. * Experience in a 24×7 high-availability production environment. Special Requirements: Successful candidates might be required to perform on-callduty on rotational basis.Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicantswill receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color,religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disabilityand protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law. Aspart of Oracle's employment process candidates will be required to complete apre-employment screening process, after a conditional offer has been extended.Career Level - IC3ResponsibilitiesRESPONSIBILITIES * Primarily responsible for backend application architecture, design, and implementation with willingness to develop toward full-stack knowledge and skills. * Lead and own the design and implementation of complex software systems. * Develop, maintain, and optimize high-quality code to ensure the reliability, scalability, and performance of our software products. * Participate in architectural discussions and provide technical solutions and guidance while ensuring the adoption of best practices and alignment with the overall technology roadmap. * Work closely with product managers to understand requirements, translate them into technical specifications, and deliver features at high quality in a timely manner. * Mentor and provide technical leadership to junior engineers, fostering a collaborative and innovative team environment. * Write clean maintainable code with adequate unit/integration test coverage. * Participate actively in code reviews – able to both provide and incorporate critical feedback to improve product quality. * Stay up to date with industry trends, emerging technologies, and advancements in conversational AI, clinical automation, and healthcare IT. QualificationsCareer Level - IC3About UsOnly Oracle brings together the data, infrastructure, applications, andexpertise to power everything from industry innovations to life-saving care. Andwith AI embedded across our products and services, we help customers turn thatpromise into a better future for all. Discover your potential at a companyleading the way in AI and cloud solutions that impact billions of lives.True innovation starts when everyone is empowered to contribute. That’s whywe’re committed to growing a workforce that promotes opportunities for all withcompetitive benefits that support our people with flexible medical, lifeinsurance, and retirement options. We also encourage employees to give back totheir communities through our volunteer programs.We’re committed to including people with disabilities at all stages of theemployment process. If you require accessibility assistance or accommodation fora disability at any point, let us know by emailingaccommodation-request_mb@oracle.com or by calling 1-888-404-2494 in the UnitedStates.Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicantswill receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color,religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disabilityand protected veterans’ status, or any other characteristic protected by law.Oracle will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest andconviction records pursuant to applicable law.Show more Show less