# Data & AI Platform Architect (Professional Services)

**Company:** DATABRICKS
**Location:** 
**Score:** 92 (Tier C)
**Status:** N/A

---

CSQ227R40Depending on experience and scope, this position may be offered as SeniorSolutions Consultant or Resident Solutions ArchitectYou may know this role as a Big Data Solutions Architect, Analytics Architect,Data Platform Architect, or Technical Consultant. The final title will align toyour experience, technical depth, and customer-facing ownership.As a Data & AI Platform Architect (Internal Title - Resident SolutionsArchitect) in our Professional Services team you will work with clients on shortto medium-term customer engagements on their big data challenges using theDatabricks platform. You will provide data engineering, data science, and cloudtechnology projects which require integrating with client systems, training, andother technical tasks to help customers to get most value out of their data.RSAs are billable and know how to complete projects according to specificationwith excellent customer service. You will report to the regional Manager/Lead.The Impact You Will Have * You will work on a variety of impactful customer technical projects which may include designing and building reference architectures, creating how-to's and productionalizing customer use cases * Work with engagement managers to scope variety of professional services work with input from the customer * Guide strategic customers as they implement transformational big data projects, 3rd party migrations, including end-to-end design, build and deployment of industry-leading big data and AI applications * Consult on architecture and design; bootstrap or implement customer projects which leads to a customers' successful understanding, evaluation and adoption of Databricks. * Provide an escalated level of support for customer operational issues. * You will work with the Databricks technical team, Project Manager, Architect and Customer team to ensure the technical components of the engagement are delivered to meet customer's needs. * Work with Engineering and Databricks Customer Support to provide product and implementation feedback and to guide rapid resolution for engagement specific product and support issues. What We Look For * Extensive experience in data engineering, data platforms & analytics * Comfortable writing code in either Python or Scala * Working knowledge of two or more common Cloud ecosystems (AWS, Azure, GCP) with expertise in at least one * Deep experience with distributed computing with Apache Spark™ and knowledge of Spark runtime internals * Familiarity with CI/CD for production deployments * Working knowledge of MLOps * Design and deployment of performant end-to-end data architectures * Experience with technical project delivery - managing scope and timelines. * Documentation and white-boarding skills. * Experience working with clients and managing conflicts. * Build skills in technical areas which support the deployment and integration of Databricks-based solutions to complete customer projects. * Travel to customers 10% of the time * [Preferred] Databricks Certification but not essential About DatabricksDatabricks is the data and AI company. More than 10,000 organizations worldwide— including Comcast, Condé Nast, Grammarly, and over 50% of the Fortune 500 —rely on the Databricks Data Intelligence Platform to unify and democratize data,analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with officesaround the globe and was founded by the original creators of Lakehouse, ApacheSpark™, Delta Lake and MLflow. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter,LinkedIn and Facebook.BenefitsAt Databricks, we strive to provide comprehensive benefits and perks that meetthe needs of all of our employees. For specific details on the benefits offeredin your region, please visit https://www.mybenefitsnow.com/databricks.Our Commitment to Diversity and InclusionAt Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culturewhere everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practicesare inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individualslooking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age,color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity orexpression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, politicalaffiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteranstatus, and other protected characteristics.ComplianceIf access to export-controlled technology or source code is required forperformance of job duties, it is within Employer's discretion whether to applyfor a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline toproceed with an applicant on this basis alone.Show more Show less