# Senior Backend Software Engineer - Remote (Spain)

**Company:** OLX
**Location:** 
**Score:** 0 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

WELCOME TO OLXAt OLX, we work together to build a more sustainable world through trade.We make it safe, smart, and convenient to buy and sell cars, find housing, getjobs, buy and sell household goods, and more. Our colleagues around the worldhelp to serve millions of people around the world every month, through itswell-loved consumer brands including OLX, Otodom, AutoTrader, Property24.Join OLX and see how far you can go.Join Our Team as a Backend Engineer!Join one of our cross-functional teams in the Generative AI Innovation team,working remotely if you're already residing in Spain.Our team is at the forefront of GenAl-powered solutions, developing cutting-edgeservices to enhance user experiences, optimize internal processes, and explorenew business opportunities. You'll work on scalable, high-impact AI projects,collaborate with cross-functional teams, and contribute to research,proof-of-concept, and production-ready AI applications.As part of our 1,000+ tech team across multiple locations, you'll collaboratewith engineers, SREs, Data Scientists, and product teams to build scalable,high-impact solutions while reporting to an Engineering Manager who will supportyour growth and impact.This position is for the GenAI Platform team. As part of the GenAI Platformteam, you’ll help build the core capabilities that enable teams across thecompany to develop, integrate, and scale products powered by Generative AI.We utilize Python and Vue 3 to develop scalable, cloud-native applicationswithin a microservices architecture. Our services run on Kubernetes in AWS, withautomated build and deployment pipelines managed through GitLab CI/CD.If you're passionate about solving technical challenges and scaling cloudsystems, we'd love to hear from you!Who We Are Looking For * Significant professional experience in software development with Python (preferred) or Kotlin * Experience in large-scale web applications, an economic-thinking mindset, and the ability to design well-bounded domain systems * Experience in architecting Cloud Native solutions, AWS is a plus * Worked in multi-functional teams * Believes in "you build it, you run it, you own it," ensuring high-quality code, debugging, optimization, and automation as key priorities. * Experience in building AI/ML-enabled products What You Will Be Doing * Contributing to the planning, execution, and completion of backend development tasks, ensuring delivery is timely and meets quality standards. * Developing and maintaining robust, secure, and scalable backend services as part of technical projects. * Collaborating effectively with team members and stakeholders to ensure smooth integration and operation of backend solutions. * Participating in code reviews, providing constructive feedback, and supporting team communication to foster a collaborative development environment. * Applying best practices in software development, encouraging improvements, and working closely with product and frontend teams to deliver user-centric, efficient solutions. * Building and deploying cloud-native backend applications using GitLab CI/CD pipelines to AWS or similar platforms, aligning with team and organizational strategies. * Engaging with cross-team initiatives and contributing to broader engineering goals, such as participation in working groups or communities, to create a positive impact beyond your immediate team. Our Hiring Process * Recruiter Interview * People Manager Interview * Live Coding * System Design Our Benefits * Being an OLX colleague brings many rewards, such as a competitive salary, a world-class training and development program, flexible working options, and many more location-based benefits, which for this role include: * Flexible benefits plan * Health and Dental Insurance (extendable to family) * Remote or hybrid monthly allowance (incl. transportation supplement) * Meal Allowance * Gym Membership * English, Spanish & Catalan Classes * Tax Declaration Assistance If you think this is the role for you, send your application in English, andlet’s talk!If you'd like to learn more about us, take a look around our careers page andthe OLX Group website. Follow us on LinkedIn and check out our OLX GroupEngineering Blog and Twitter Tech .Diversity, Equity and Inclusion at OLXOLX values diversity and welcomes applicants of all races, ethnicities,disabilities, ages, genders, sexual orientations, religions, backgrounds, andexperiences to apply. If this role excites you, we encourage you to apply, evenif you don’t meet all the requirements - you may be just the right fit for thisor other opportunities with us!OLX will process your personal data to assess your fit for the applied position.You may optionally consent to store your data for up to 12 months after theapplication process for consideration in future OLX roles. For more details onhow your application data will be processed please check our Privacy Statement .We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiringprocess, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessingresponses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace humanjudgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you wouldlike more information about how your data is processed, please contact us.Show more Show less