# Staff Full Stack Product Software Engineer - Core Product, Poe (Remote)

**Company:** QUORA
**Location:** 
**Score:** 38 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

[Quora is a privately held, "remote-first" company. This position can beperformed remotely from multiple countries around the world. Please visitcareers.quora.com/eligible-countries for details regarding employmenteligibility by country.]About Quora:Quora’s mission is to grow the world's collective intelligence. To do so, wehave two platforms: * Quora: a global knowledge sharing platform with over 300M monthly unique visitors, bringing people together to share insights on various topics and providing a unique platform to learn and connect with others. * Poe: a platform providing millions of global users with one place to chat, explore and build with a wide variety of AI language models (bots), including GPT-5, Claude Sonnet 4.5, Grok 4, Veo 3.1, Gemini 2.5 Flash Image (Nano Banana), and more. As AI capabilities rapidly advance, Poe provides a single platform to instantly integrate and utilize these new models. Behind these products are passionate, collaborative, and high-performing globalteams. We have a culture rooted in transparency, idea-sharing, andexperimentation that allows us to celebrate success and grow together throughmeaningful work. Join us on this journey to create a positive impact and make asignificant change in the world.This role will be working on our Poe product.About The Team And Role:We are seeking a talented, self-starter staff software engineer to contributecore product features to Poe, a platform for making the power ofstate-of-the-art AI accessible to all people. In this role, you'll have thethrilling opportunity to build cutting-edge features from scratch that willserve millions of people every day.The Core Product Team Is An Iterative And Fast-moving Team Responsible For Poe’sCore Messaging And Bot Discovery Experiences. For Example, Some Recent LaunchesInclude: * a multi-bot chat feature (https://quorablog.quora.com/Multi-bot-chat-on-Poe) which allows you to compare answers from recommended bots with a single click and bring any bot to the conversation by @-mentioning it and repeat feature (https://shorturl.at/1J0Af) which allows you to get multiple response from a bot * a Canvas App feature (https://www.linkedin.com/posts/poe-platform_introducing-poe-apps-a-new-easy-way-to-activity-7300201666232913920-u8O7) which enables users to generate interactive websites within Poe and publish them as a new app for users outside Poe As a senior, full-stack member of the team, you will plan, develop, and polishnew features that will improve the interaction experience with generative AImodels and the bot ecosystem, and take shared ownership of the cross-functionalproduct development cycle.If you're a team player with strong technical skills, a passion for AI, and aneagerness to learn emerging technologies, we'd love to hear from you. With Poe'srapid growth trajectory, your work will have a significant impact on shaping howusers interact with and learn from generative AI technology.Responsibilities: * Collaborate closely with designers, product, data scientists, QA, and other engineers to implement and deliver interactive, intuitive AI-powered user experiences on Poe * Lead a group of engineers to drive a project from start to finish * Iterate quickly on projects, from ideation to implementation and launch, using the full web technology stack * Be a champion for both user experience and for sustainable, scalable code practices * Represent engineering in strategic planning and cross-functional prioritization sessions * Coach top technical talent to help establish and grow the team and mentor new hires Minimum Requirements: * Availability for meetings and impromptu communication during Quora's “coordination hours" (Mon-Fri: 9am-3pm Pacific Time) * 6+ years of full-time professional full-stack experience building user-facing consumer web products (excluding internships) * 5+ years of professional experience with React, Typescript, and GraphQL * 5+ years experience in Python or similar programming language * Professional experience leveraging backend storage systems such as MySQL, MyRocks, Memcached, or Redis Preferred Requirements: * Passion for Poe and Quora’s products and mission At Quora, we value diversity and inclusivity and welcome individuals from allbackgrounds, including marginalized or underrepresented groups in tech, to applyfor our job openings. We encourage all candidates who share a passion forgrowing the world’s knowledge, even those who may not strictly meet all thepreferred requirements, to apply, as we know that a diverse range ofperspectives can have a significant impact on our products and our culture.Additional Information:We are accepting applications on an ongoing basis.Quora offers a wide range of benefits including medical/dental/vision coverage,equity refreshers, remote work reimbursement, paid time off, employee assistanceprograms, and more. Benefits are country-specific and may vary. For moreinformation on benefits, visit this link: https://www.careers.quora.com/benefitsThere are many factors that will determine the starting pay, including but notlimited to experience, location, education, and business needs. * US candidates only: For US based applicants, the salary range is $183,647 - $267,615 USD + equity + benefits. * Canada candidates only: For Toronto and Vancouver based applicants, the salary range is $238,776 - $278,361 CAD + equity + benefits. For all other locations in Canada, the salary range is $222,858 - $259,803 CAD + equity + benefits. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We donot discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender,sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.Job Applicant Privacy Notice:https://www.careers.quora.com/applicant-privacy-noticeShow more Show less