# Senior Software Engineer (Backend/Full Stack) - Remote

**Company:** VERTICE
**Location:** 
**Score:** 38 (Tier D)
**Status:** N/A

---

Vertice was launched in 2022 to transform how companies manage their technologyspend. Our agentic workflows, AI insights and expert buyers empower companies tobuy smarter and scale faster, with Finance and Procurement leaders in over 30countries worldwide trusting Vertice to manage their software purchases. In thesoftware category alone, we have managed over $10bn in spend and have a trackrecord of delivering 20% savings and halving procurement cycles.Headquartered in London with offices across the world including New York, Brno,Sydney, Johannesburg and Singapore, we’re shaping the future of procurement on aglobal scale.And we’re just getting started. Founded by serial entrepreneurs Roy Tuvey andEldar Tuvey, who have a track record of building two category-definingtechnology companies to exit, Vertice has seen a remarkable 13X revenue growthin two years. This momentum has led to us being named as 2025’s fastest-growingstartup in the UK by the FT’s Sifted, and as fourth in Europe. Following ourSeries C, we have secured over $100 million in funding from leading investorsincluding Bessemer Venture Partners, 83 North and Lakestar, and are expandingour reach across our team.Do you want to make an outsized impact, work with exceptional people, and bepart of a highly motivated team? Come and join our mission to build theIntelligent Procurement Platform.As part of our team, you’ll have the chance to work with * React & TS for a front-end development * Purely serverless infrastructure and architecture * AWS Lambda microservices written mostly in Python * Various AWS services including AWS Dynamo, Glue, StepFunctions, Athena, Timestream… * REST and GraphQL APIs * Automation in Python and Behave for Integration tests and Python + Playwright for UI tests * … and many others. We follow trends and take an open-minded, pragmatic approach to finding new solutions to problems. How Our Engineering Team OperatesCollaboration and transparency are at the core of how we work. We keep it simple- no unnecessary management layers, just direct connections between business andengineering. Hierarchies don’t get in the way, instead - we keep things flat,flexible and focused on what works. This is how we do it: * Autonomous Teams - Our small teams (made up of Frontend, Backend, Fullstack and QA) operate without traditional tech leads or managers. They decide how they work - whether it’s stand-ups, prioritization or project management methods. Teams are assigned areas/goals/problems where they can make the biggest impact, yet they don’t own any part of the code, so they can basically work on any part of the product. * People Managers - You won’t be left figuring things out alone. Our People Managers with psychology backgrounds focus on your growth, well-being and career support while keeping Vertice’s flat, collaborative culture strong. They’re here to encourage open communication, support conflict resolution and help ensure you thrive. * Chapters - Specialists still need to stay aligned. Chapters bring together people with similar expertise - like Frontend, Test Automation or Release - to share best practices, standards, common sense and they keep the knowledge flowing across teams - directly! Your Role at VerticeYou will help us on Backend. If you can and if you want, also on Front End. Oursolution is serverless so you will be working on microservices deployed in AWS,you will be thinking about how to make them talk to each other, how toorchestrate them, how to ... you know, right?You’ll Fit Right In If * You want to be surrounded by people who are as passionate as you about programming and designing services * You enjoy learning new technologies in this area and finding how they can help us to be more efficient * You like to turn kitchen discussions over the coffee into features before the coffee gets cold * You love to have discussions with your colleagues, you love to challenge and be challenged Benefits * Share Options * 25 days of vacation * 5 sick & carer’s days * Group life insurance * Enhanced Maternity and Paternity leave * Pension / Insurance Plan Contribution * GastroPass * FlexiPass or MultiSport card * Quality referral bonus program * English language courses with a professional teacher Final Things To NoteVertice is an equal opportunities employer, although you must be legally able towork in the specified region of the job, and any data you provide us will bestored and disseminated in accordance with Vertice’s privacy policy.We like to deal directly with our candidates so no agencies please!If you aren’t sure this job applies to you, feel free to send your CV tocareers@vertice.one, and we’ll be happy to take a look and see if you could be agood fit anywhere else in our business!Show more Show less