# Senior Backend Engineer Java / Spring Boot - remote

**Company:** WEALTHAPI
**Location:** 
**Score:** 82 (Tier C)
**Status:** N/A

---

About you:wealthAPI enables financial multipliers to monetize trust. We provide corefinancial solutions for large partners and (f)influencers, thereby activelydriving the ongoing disruption of the wealth management market.We are looking for a Java engineer who is passionate about investing andfinance. Optimally, you bring a good understanding of financial markets or wantto deep-dive into the topic.You are able to solve complex financial problems and to directly translate theminto code.For remote positions - a note on your time zoneWe are a small and efficient team. To keep our cooperation as smooth aspossible, your place of residence should be in a time zone +/- 2 hours Berlintime.About us:wealthAPI is a fast growing company with one central aim: improve the way wemanage and plan our wealth. wealthAPI is primarily owned by its founders andoperates under a long-term growth strategy.At wealthAPI, we live an open discussion culture, decide together and develop asa team. Your are encouraged to take your own decisions and actively shape ourproducts.Performance in the job is important to all of us - at the same time bothfounders have family. This means we care about compatibility of family andcareer.We combine technical excellency with a deep understanding of financial markets.Sharing knowledge is part of the "wealthAPI DNA".We love our work - and are passionate about our productsTasks * Work in a small team and as such take product assignments and lead them to completion. You will be responsible for all the phases of planning, development and delivery. * Actively participate in architectural design and decision-making. * Conduct code peer-reviews and attend retrospectives to plan and execute improvements as a team. Support junior and mid-level team members to achieve high code quality. * Use modern technologies: Spring Boot, Ruby on Rails, Postgres, gcloud, Kubernetes, Docker, Astra-DB * Get involved in technological projects together with experienced Engineers and further improve our architecture, scalability and security to fulfil the need of our ever growing solution * Demonstrate great communication, ownership, accountability and team play skills. You are not “just” a developer - you will always think about our product and how to improve the experience for our customers. RequirementsMust have: * 5+ years of backend development experience * Strong development experience in Java and preferably Spring Boot * Test Driven Development * Extensive unit and integration testing skills Beneficial: * Experience in investing and personal wealth management is a huge plus * Mathematical proficiency is a huge plus * Machine learning experience or related statistical training * Experience with a big-data stack such as MongoDB or Cassandra * Knowledge of financial products and the stock market Soft skills: * Willingness to learn about new technologies * Use data or reliable source of information to drive the decision making during discussion, design or implementation phases * Have the ability to take on complex problems, learn quickly, and persist towards a good solution * Be conscious about speed of delivery vs quality of code and find the best balance Language skills: * English is mandatory * German is a plus BenefitsWe are a compact team that focuses on personal and professional growth. Wediscuss openly, decide in the team and implement together.We combine technical excellence with a deep understanding of financial markets.Learning from each other is part of the “wealthAPI DNA”.We are passionate about what we are doing - and achieve because we love what weare doing.We solve real life investment problems together with a vibrant user base and seethe immediate value of that.You learn to invest, about financial products and how to manage your money.We believe in automation. We automate anything and everything that can improveour productivity and focus.We write our own tests and we test our own solutions which helps us learn moreand understand our customers better.wealthAPI is an equal career opportunity no matter your gender, identity, raceor religion.We value transparency, close collaboration, and a slight amount of chaos in ourwork because it makes us faster and more creative.Show more Show less